I don't know what i can possibly do anymore. this is my fourth time deleting all of this and restarting but hopefully the last. this isn't a suicide note. i say constantly that things can't get worse. that i couldn't possibly feel any more shitty. but here's the thing, it never fails. i don't even know what this is anymore. i'm not numb anymore - and it fucking sucks. my meds aren't helping. i mean they are probably helping a lot compared to how it'd be before i started taking them at all, but who knows. i've recently gotten out of the hospital and partial program around three weeks ago. partial was definitely helping. it wasn't a magical cure or anything , but it did help me feel like i finally have a destination and i'm finally just MAYBE going in the right direction. i'm not a believer in the whole "wait to see how things play out" stuff. that's not the way i was raised. but i'm just really stuck right now. i've always thought about suicide daily and i've always known that's how things would end and to be honest i can't even believe that i'm still here. i just have no fucking clue how i feel or what i should feel. i'm not who i used to be and it tears me apart. i'd never be the type of person to even write any of this, i was always, constantly helping others. i'd give my friends the best advice and i was looking at pictures yesterday from a year or so ago and i guess i'm still so hung up on that person. even then, i hated myself. absolutely hated myself. but now? i would do anything. and i mean anything to be her again. but right now...i mean now it's not only that i don't want to deal with this anymore. i literally just want to fucking die. i NEED to die. school has me so stressed. i have so much makeup work for the two months i've been out of school. ever since i came back to school people have been horrible to me. there's been so many rumors spread about me. i just don't get it. i rarely speak to people. why do people choose to do this to me? i'm not there for my friends anymore. not how i used to be. i feel so awful. i hate myself for it. i cant even text them and just feel okay. it all is just draining me, once again. actually i wouldn't even say draining. its more like now i don't give a fuck. i've been fucking up so bad. i smoked so much the other night i just completely forgot everything. i'm not normally the type of person to do that. i believe that you should only smoke if you can handle your weed and control yourself. i just dont know anymore dude. i cut last night and i didn't feel much from it at all. i've been self harming for the past six years and that's saying a lot. it's like right now i just don't give a shit anymore. i feel like i've already been hurt enough. i don't know what this is and i don't know what to do anymore. ever since i've been home from the hospital my mom has been a major support and she looked into all of this and kind of realized like 'oh shit my daughter actually is going through this'. but mom, i can't even explain to you. the internet can't explain. my diagnosis can't explain. my thoughts can't explain. i can not explain. i'm a fucking wreck. more than ever. and it scares me because i don't know what i'm going to fucking do. like i'll feel fine since right now (once again) i don't give a shit, but at the same time it all effects me and i just wind up hurting myself and messing things up for myself. i want to be a therapist when i'm older. i've always wanted to help others like myself. but fuck. right now i can't be a daughter. i cant be a friend. i cant be a girlfriend. i cant be a student. i am in pieces and i have no desire to put them together anymore. but i know - tomorrow i will wake up. i will go to school. i will do all of this. cause i don't have a choice. even at my lowest of lows, my mom would never let me do that to myself. never. i don't feel safe anywhere anymore. not at school. not at home by myself. not in a grocery store. and no longer, in my boyfriends arms. ptsd and flashbacks have been worse than ever lately. my depression and anxiety have been making me really sick physically. i'm going back to my eating disorder and i didn't even realize it until today. i just dont fucking care. i have no where to go. i have absolutely all of the support i could be getting right now and i'm still just gliding by. and i make it all look so easy. rarely anybody has a clue what goes on. ever. and this is all my fault. i don't even know why i'm writing this. i'm sorry. i really am. if you're reading this please just get help for yourself. you are so fucking worthy of it. i promise you that.
I wake up in the morning and I just want to die. All day the only thing I can think about is how much I hate myself. The last 2.5 years of my life have been hell. I genuinely did not know it was possible for a human to suffer this much. I can’t talk to anyone professionally. I can’t afford therapy, my mom doesn’t understand why I think I need it, and the last time I talked to the suicide hotline, they doxxed me and had the police kidnap me because I got angry at the woman on the other end for making an insulting insinuation about my family, they threw me in a psychiatric hospital, and all that did was make me afraid of the medical industry. I barely graduated high school and every time I try to go to college, I just can’t fucking handle it, either because I’m distracted by the stress I’m in 24/7 or because I have a learning disability and in the end, nothing they can do within the regulations of the system will help me. I can barely get a job because I’m utterly useless as a person. I lost over a year of my life to depression, suicide attempts, and pills that did nothing for me, and even now that I’m technically “cured”, I wonder why the fuck it matters because I sure as hell don’t feel happy. Am I supposed to feel grateful that the scars on my body aren’t visible at a glance anymore? At the end of 2018 I left an abusive sexual relationship and suffered for it all throughout 2019. I really, really wanted to stay silent but I was terrified into coming forward because I feared not doing so would mean that I would be isolated until no one would listen to me and someone else would get hurt. For a year I’ve had to relive the experience over and over and over again because it turned into a big deal and I guess I dug my own damn grave. I’ve lost friends, I’ve been harassed, I’ve been called a liar and an attention seeker by more people than I can count. I’m ashamed to think of how the environment I was in encouraged me to be unsafely promiscuous and so openly sexual that I was like a different person. I’m probably never going to be able to have sex again because I literally have no idea what a healthy relationship looks like. Sometimes I hear the couple who live below me screaming at each other and banging furniture and I force myself to put my ear to the floor until they’re done so that I can be sure that they’re both alive by the end of the day. Before I started living here, I lived with a roommate who drilled it into my head that I was an ugly, annoying bitch who had to go on a strict diet immediately because when we finally met, he decided I wasn’t attractive after all. It fucked up my view of my body. I just can’t be happy no matter what I do. One thing after another and IT NEVER ENDS. I wouldn’t be shocked if I become an alcoholic again once I hit 21. It hurts to think. It just hurts to think.
Feeling really down today- I hate my job, I have few friends. Whenever I try to explain how I feel to those close to me, they never really seem to understand. They all think I’m joking when i say I’m tired of all the shit going on... I admit, there are people worse off than me. But no one is in my head, dealing with things in the way I deal with them. Some days I feel good, most days I feel horrible. This girl at work who I think I’m in love with barely notices me, and doesn’t really speak with me even though she says she likes me back, but she speaks with other guys who I never stand a chance against. I’m lonely all the time, no one ever wants to hang out or shoot the shit with me, I end up practically begging people to spend time with me. I know everything is all just in my head but sometimes it’s too much to see past all the shit that’s in front of me. Sometimes I think it’d be easier to just let go and be done with it. I think about suicide daily, wondering why I havn’t done it already. The only family I have is my mum so I guess I can’t do that to her after all we’ve been through together, but I can’t keep living for somebody else- I need to find reason for myself. Which is hard to do. It’s like every day, I wake up, think about that girl and how it’s never Gunna happen, think about what it is I want from life and then realize that dreams don’t come true. There is no light for me in this dark and sad world, I’ve lost loved ones so close to me, it feels like a piece of me got taken with them. I’m always sad, rarely positive. All I’ve thought about since I got to work was ‘maybe tonight is the night’ but I’m just not sure. I know that no good will ever come from being here, I know that my life is going nowhere. I think maybe one day I’ll be happy but realistically I know that won’t happen. And as for that girl, she’s really all I can think about that’s positive but then I think about how it’ll never happen and I’m kidding myself, it’s like the one light in my life at the moment isn’t really a light, I just keep trying to tell myself that it is. What do I do? How do I get better? I’m fed up with waking up everyday, being completely miserable. All of this seems so pointless to continue with. I wish I didn’t feel this way all the time, and none of my friends seem to understand that I can’t just ‘smile’ and ‘be happy’. What goes on in my head drives me to insanity, I’m not going as far to say I hear voices, but it defiantly ain’t me telling myself to end it all. Things have never been easy for me to cope with, and I tend to bottle it all up inside because no matter how hard I try to explain it, no one gets it, and I come off as a sad and pathetic lump of shit. All I want is to be understood, taken seriously and given help, all things of which I think will never happen. Anyone wanna help me feel less alone? Sometimes it’s nice to just know that others are also feeling this way, no matter where you are. Because the people close to me, just don’t understand me.
I’ve thought of it for the longest time now. The thought of ending my life in the most vile ways possible. I made this account a while ago, and followed communities to get myself to be a better person. But, it has made me worse because I can’t do anything right. I am a screw up to myself and to others. I get told I must love myself before I love others, but I cannot love myself when there is nothing to love about me. The only way I could cope until today was through music. But, it has left no effect on me. I don’t feel the same happy feeling I could get when I discover a new song. It’s like an overused drug. I am alone in the world. My parents are never home to care for me. I would go to therapy, but my mom refuses to even talk to me about that sort of thing. I can’t make a single friend. I’m starting to think it’s because I look depressed and sad all the time, but I can’t fake what I feel on the outside. I don’t know how, I always have this angry look to my face. I try to smile but it ends up looking crooked and forced. I also appear to have 10 years old, but I will be turning 16 in March. Every single day before school I get anxious to wake up. The reason being, the day will be the same routine over and over. I will still be lonely, I will still not understand half of the things my teachers tell me, I will regret not doing anything productive, I will get home and feel terrible again. To top it all off,  I have not showered in a week now, and I haven’t really done any exercise besides walking to my classes. I’ve started noticing that I’ve gained weight in my lower stomach area, and I’ve gotten several heart burns. I skip breakfast and lunch, and when I get home from school all I eat is a fruit and go to sleep. Sometimes I wish this sleep would last for years, but I know it won’t and it takes up my energy just thinking about eternal sleep. I think what triggered me the most was that I went to church yesterday, forced by my mom, and I realized how lonely I was. I went with my sister, and she already had childhood friends and made more friends. Even the teacher kept staring at her, and I was completely ignored when I answered a few questions. From that point on, I wanted to cry and stab myself. I wanted to go to the bathroom and fill a bathtub of water and drown myself there. We left church and I immediately went to my bed. I woke up today and I just felt super numb. Well... hoping things would get better hasn't done anything to me or my self esteem. Nothing will get better, and this will be my final day.
Hello beautiful people. My name is Sam and I am a female from the US. I’m 20 years old and over the past few years I’ve completely destroyed my own life. Ruined all of my friendships, lost my job, and lost the trust and respect of my family. I’m seeing a doctor and trying different medications because I got diagnosed with BPD in conjunction with Bipolar disorder and I’ve struggled with anxiety since I was very young. The past few months especially have been rough. I’ve been doing so much thinking about my past that it absolutely hurts me to think about it. I honestly feel sorry for my parents. They have to deal with all of my episodes of anger and depression and it’s not even their fault. I just don’t know what to do to change my ways. I really am trying but I can’t seem to figure out why I’m acting this way. I’ve been to the behavioral health hospital close to home and they were unhelpful. I never met with a counselor once and it was impossible to get in to see the psychiatrist. So I really don’t want to use that as an option. I really would like to end my life peacefully so I can stop being a problem for people who have tried nothing but to help me. Thanks for listening and I hope someone can give me some words of encouragement or some helpful advice. Thank you. Also I’m sorry if I did this wrong I’ve never been on here before.
argument she went on to give all my contacts to this ex friend of mine who ended up calling all my contacts and saying really horrible things about me and even set up a what’s app group about me ... the thing is I had so many people in my contact lists and I ended up getting harassed in the street because of what that guy was saying to people about me .. Anyway things got out of hand because they hacked my phone and oh boy it was such a disaster I lost my job as a result and people in my phone were calling me to ask me to fix the issue that I had with this guy because it was really bad and humiliating and some were even calling me asking me if my own biological mum was my real mum because they were just shocked that a parent could do that to their own child regardless of the argument that we had. So I decided to move to another city and these rumours followed me there and I had had enough of them so I tried to commit suicide and I ended up in a mental hospital for like four months and got out some months ago and to be honest I’m now feeling better but I still have dark days .. Anyway I tried to forgive my mum but I just couldn’t so a month ago I decided to cut her off and now she is using my sister to try and get sympathy from me and my sister is asking me to forgive my mum and talk to her but I don’t want to as she did what she did with the intention to hurt me her very own biological child ... am I too harsh or does she deserve this ??? I’m just trying to heal from what happened and I’m still way far from it, this guy that did that still owes me a lot of money honestly I knew this guy for 15 years and he decided to do that because he said he heard from my ex that I accused of raping me which I Never did as my ex boyfriend lied to him .. He has managed to ruin my life and it hurts so much as people that I was once closest to would be so malicious like this and not only that my very own biological mother is involved in this mess .. I mean how can I even fully recover from such betrayal?? I was a very friendly person so I had hundreds of people in my phone from people I knew professionally and personally and I even deleted my LinkedIn page because one recruiter advised me so as she was worried how this could hurt my career ... I’m still very much in shock over what happened and now I know humans could be the scariest to other human beings....How do I even move on from this ?? This has really messed up my mental health to be honest ... I just don’t know what to do anymore ...I just thought I would share with you guys here as I’m so hopeless and I have just given up on life
I’m so fucking tired of being awake. I’m so tired of my own thoughts. My shallowness. My selfishness. I can’t stand myself. I am loved but I feel nothing anymore. I am trapped inside of this skull and forced to lurch about in these partially muscled bones. My recognition of these things does not make me better than even the deliberately cruel. In fact, it feels more like an extension of my frail emotional intellect. A thing that shows just how awful I really am. My romantic immaturity combined with my mess of thinking combined with my horrible desperation to feel loved and to love makes me a volatile thing. A poison to myself and others. I don’t want to be this. But I can’t make myself not be this soulless husk. I can appraise my weaknesses, but I cannot sharpen them into strengths. I know I have the capability to love selflessly and be incorruptible… until I eventually wasn’t. I wonder what it’s like to have self-control. I wish I didn’t have to worry about myself or think about the way my nose looks incorrect and I can’t smile the same way I used to or how utterly insane I must sound when I try to make my feelings into words. I am reminded of decay by everything. Not the decay I am comfortable with. But the decay of ideas and information. The decay of what life actually is. Emotions. Ideas. Memories. I don’t want to lose myself. But I already don’t remember who he was. There was an idea of him. But I barely resemble that person anymore. I inhabit his body, but I am not him. I wish all the people who loved me would just stop so I wouldn’t have to have anybody stop me from killing myself. The only comfort I have anymore is sleep. It’s as close as I can get without fully following through. I just want to be able to connect with someone and to be able to love selflessly and care for someone other than myself. But when I try and concentrate on empathy for others now? There is nothing there. I want to be human. I want to be real again.
I've heard people say they commit suicide because they hate themselves or are unhappy with who they are, the predicament they are in and the life they live. And that if they just go to counseling,  exercise, and better their lives and stop hating themselves they won't feel as bad. My thing is that I don't hate myself. I do hate being lonely or having to choose to suffer with dealing with my family and their selfishness and toxicity or being alone. The fact that jobs are harder to get more now than ever and I have no skills and no way to even get on my feet so i can move on my own.  I don't have friends that i could room mate with if I was successful and found a job. And if i managed to fibd a decent paying job (13-14/hr) id be working that full time and doing another minimum wage job part tine so i could just afford bare minimum. I wouldn't be able yo do college because i wouldn't have the time id i was working 14 ish hours a day in this scenario.  My parents want to move to indiana and i have been out of school for two years trying to save up. I originally wanted to gk to college but i was told blank point to my face "you're an inconvenience for anyone to have to drive you" so i worked and bought a car. A cheap one but a car nonetheless. Then i wanted to go to college adter i got my car and license but i had little money so i worked some more and started the FASFA applications... and I was told they were wanting to move so i tried working more and looking gir places to stay... then my sister asked for help in Indiana with things.  I quit my job to help her because "Family cones first" right? Well in every case except for mine it does. Family comes first except for when it is referring to me. Anythibg i need i have to get on my own.  My parents ask me for money yhat i dont have. Took money from me when i was in HS trying to save up (wiyhout telling me) when we had to have joint bank accounts because you cant have one on your own untill you are 18... i tried to do things on my own and get a start on life but everything and everyone kept knocking me down. I thought maybe it was my fault but you know i haven't done anything wrong. Not that i can see anyways. Now im still looking for a job after i quit my last one to help my ungrateful sister who treated me like shit just to have my selfish parents tell me i have 3 months yo figure something out because theyre moving to indiana (from texas is where we are at) may 1st... what am I supposed to do / what am I doing wrong? Is it wrong that I want to kill myself? I don't hate myself but I wouldn't mind not existing anymore.
i think i post on here too much. it's just that i recently graduated early from high school and nothing is going as planned. i wanted to take up exercising so i can work on some of my dysphoria and get a better body before going to college, but that seems to not be happening seeing as i suck at exercise and dont have the energy or drive for it. my parents really want me to go to college but i have been against the idea since i was in middle school, i just never told anyone. i don't want to jump into something that everyone is doing just because it's seen as a the "best choice". what about the other choices?? what are they?? WHERE are they????? why can't i learn anything other than being a doctor or a teacher or something ELSE that isn't in this mold that we consider to be the only one???? i sound so whiney but by GOD i wanna cry. my manager at work even told me that i shoudnt take a break from school just yet because i "didnt deserve it" and i have never felt so fucking angry in my life at such a statement. like,,,,,seriously??? you dont know my life. you dont know how difficult it is for me to get out of bed every day. to find a reason to fucking breathe everyday. hell, i got friends telling me that i just need to "get over my depression" because THEY want to hang out and its fucking killing me. im sick. and tired. and by god damn it i have all the right to say that im tired as anyone else. dont fucking compare yourself to me. im not better or worse. i have only experienced what i have experienced. just because im drowning in four feet of water doesnt mean you can yell at me to shut up because there are people in ten feet of water. let me breathe. i hate that i feel so damn pressured to be an "adult" that im unable to live life without feeling like im going to be behind because i dont immediately jump into college.
Im so disgusted about being trans, I can’t take it. It’s just so gross. I’ve been holding on for so long because maybe I’ll find happiness. And I don’t wanna make the people in my life feel awful if I killed myself. I’m just so exhausted with caring and trying so much. The dysphoria is so bad. I can’t take it. Im in the middle of transition and I know this is normal to have a lot of dysphoria right now. I just want to rest. I want to rest. I don’t want to live in constant struggle. The dysphoria never stops, there’s no avoiding the feeling. This is such an insanely difficult thing to live with. It makes me so angry that people can be born the way I was born. It’s so wrong to make someone live a life of this. I just want to finally be free of this horrible feeling. It’s okay that people don’t understand what I have to deal with every second of every day. I get it. I agree and acknowledge that what I am is disgusting as fuck. I wish it could be different. I really do. I’ve done some dumb ass loser shit trying to avoid this. Whenever someone dies of happenstance. God damnit why can’t I just be the one that dies and not the innocent child. Like for fucks sake, all of these innocent people, ready to lead beautiful lives of happiness and human experience and they die just because they were unlucky. Why can’t you just put me there instead. I need peace. I’m in so much strain and I shove it aside and I push through I TRY SO FUCKING MUCH TO STAY STRONG SO I DONT HURT ANYONE I CARE ABOUT. But that’s not fair. It’s not fair that I’m not allowed to die because it will hurt your feelings. WHAT ABOUT HOW I FEEL? YOU SELFISH FUCKS. Many would be very surprised to find out how much of a shit person I really am. I’m so kind and considerate to others. I do what’s right always blah blah blah. I should love the people in my life way more than I do. It feels so unnatural. This life literally feels so insignificant. It must be because of the dysphoria making every good part not good enough to weigh out the terrible. I don’t really know. But my instincts are to try to find whatever is the root cause of my being born this way and make whatever that is hurt like I have. Whether it’s god or something else. Or maybe theres nothing. I don’t know I’m just suffering. I am always pleading that if there’s anything out there I just want a normal life. I just want to be a normal person with a normal body and a normal brain. I’m truly in an absurd amount of discomfort. I can’t put the intensity into words. The emotions it brings out are so much. There’s too much to convey. I plead for help. This is such a cruel world and I have such a cruel existence.
Every day I look around and watch life happening around me. I constantly wonder why I don’t feel excited, scared, motivated, and especially happy. I feel like I’m just floating through each day trying to find some reason to hang on, and I’m all out of reasons. I’m such a fucking loser. I work minimal hours in a restaurant because I can’t find the effort to find a better job, I don’t care about myself anymore. I smoke weed way too much because it numbs some of the pain for a little while. The only reason I haven’t done it yet is because I’ve got a sister who’s in middle school. I don’t want to make her sad or fuck up her 8th grade year. She’s a great girl and she deserves to have a sibling that can function and live a normal life. I can’t give that to her. But here’s the thing; I feel like her, my family, my friends, would be so much better off without me. I feel like such a waste of resources, time, money, and life. I’m not good at anything. I don’t want a career. I don’t want to eat the foods O used to love. I don’t want to go anywhere. I don’t want to get out of bed. I don’t want to fall in love. I don’t want to do anything except finally be done. Being dead sounds like a breath of fresh air, right now I feel like I’m drowning. I don’t even want to help myself anymore, I don’t think that I’m worth it. I’ve never wanted anything more in my life than to just kill myself and I feel that it is my fate, no matter how hard i work. I’m going to die soon and I’m finally okay with it. I feel very detached from the world and I feel like I have never and will never belong anywhere. I was a mistake and I am so sorry to everybody who has had to interact with my disgusting, worthless piece of shit self. I just can’t do it anymore, every day hurts and every day I despise myself more and more. I can’t anymore. I don’t see any other option at this point. I really need to do this.
I'm in high school, aproaching 16 and I had always as a kid invisioned myself as getting emancipated and getting a g.e.d. at 16. A few months ago I even tried to run away but gave up because I didn't really have a plan. I have always wanted to move to KC as I'm in a nearby rural area and I imagined if I went there I could make something of myself. Lately as shits been changing I realize that everything Ive ever wanted is bullshit. I cant move out at 16, I have shitty parents but no one really gives a fuck and even if I do or when I do at 18 I'm not goimg to accomplish shit. I'm in the gifted program at my school and have an iq of 147 but I just dont give enough shits. I'm failing most of my classes and I've always just scraped by with D's. I'm not going to pass school and im definitley not going to accomplish all of the other bullshit. I have literally no friends I socially talk to no one. I used to cut myself but I quit. Used to do drugs but I quit. My dream was always to be a musician but I realized that isn't going to happen. I thought about being a chef or even medical but those things arent going to happen. I have come to realize that I like the idea of these things more than I actually like them. Im not willing to put in the work. Im not even willing to brush my teeth anymore. Hell the things I do want I only really like the idea of. I always impulsively get into hobbies, especially expensive ones, dream of 1000s of dollars worth of shit, end up buying a cheap alternative because I can't afford anything because I cant get a job living in the middle of no-where without a car. I get bored say its because I dont have the several hundred/thousand dollar solution but really it's because my expectations are too high. I don't take joy in anything. I do nothing on everyday. I haven't been happy for as long as I remember like as far back as 2nd grade I hated my life. Nothing has changed I still haven't made a single real friend. I on a few occasions made what I thought was a close friend but I always fuck it up. I'm always the 5th or 6th choice. But eventually I got into high school and quit trying. Mostly because I go to a really small school and have 0 oppurtunities to meet new people. I sometimes have a short friendship with new students but a clique always takes them in and we drift apart. Its a cycle that wont change as long as I'm in rural kansas. At least thats what i tell myself. But I think no matter where I go I'll never really fit in or make real friends. I'm a loser who doesnt actually put forth effort. Now that I think about besides school and my shitty family, I haven't left the house for months. Ive tried hanging out at school functions but it never works out. I cant go over to people's houses my parents won't allow it. I live far away and they wont drive me, and they wont let me in the car with anyone else. I have nothing and I think that my wasted youth Will affect me for the rest of my life. If it gets better its not going to be soon. It is that bad. Ive heard all of that bullshit. Nothing will ever change. At least not for years. And even then, will i actually be satisfied? Can I enjoy a normal life after living my whole childhood isolated never having a best friend, just temporary circumstantial friends, and aquaintances i pretend are friends. I feel like I'm going crazy. Ive tried online friendships and maybe they work for you but for me they suck. Just if you have advice please respond. If you are going to say some school counselor bullshit then shut the fuck up.
Im finally sober and taking my meds but I feel worse. Then my doctor prescribed me clonazepam, a benzodiazepine. It was just to help me sleep but now I have to take it during the day so I don't withdrawal and get angry. I thought I could make it to graduation this June, go to college and have a shot at life, but that seems impossible. Nothing is fixing me and now I'm beyond numb. I feel like a sick dog and I just want to be put down. I don't want to attempt again unless I have a gun and I know it will work. I just feel pathetic and alone. People who used to be my friends act like I don't even exist anymore. I'm so tired of waking up and drifting through life in this schizophrenic haze. Every night me and my dad fight and he makes me feel like a shitty person. Everything is blending together and everything hurts. I don't enjoy anything anymore. I barely leave the house nowadays. Doctors and therapists and hospitalizations can't fix me. No one knows what to do with me. I don't even feel alive. I've never felt human. Even as a child I felt alone and distant from everyone. I feel abandoned by the world. My brain is rotting in its own sickness and nothing can make it stop. I'm just so tired. I'm tired of everything. I know I'm only 18 but I feel like I've lived for too long. I'm ripping apart at the seams. Maybe I didn't survive my serious attempt last February, I feel like I've been in purgatory for a year. Just pretending to exist. I'm trying so hard to get better, but nothing seems to be working. I don't know what to do anymore.
A few months ago, I tried to kill myself again for the first time in many years. I was glad I didn't succeed and truly started thinking things might get better. Then, a couple weeks ago my mom died. I live in her house. I'm a single mom and I've been taking care of my mom (she had cancer) for several years. Now I'm left with all the bills and all the responsibility of going to probate court to deal with her property because she didn't leave a will. I just went back to work after being laid off for a month. I am broke and have a bunch of bills due right now. I'm terrified that I'm going to lose everything. That I'm not going to have a car (one car is my mom's, and she co-signed on mine) and that I'm going to lose my home (We live in a mobile home, in a park, and the owner of the park is making me reapply to live here. Problem is, I have bad credit and a felony from 2003 and he does a 20 year background check). I've lived here for almost 18 years. I'm so scared. I keep having anxiety attacks and I just feel numb. I don't know what to do. There's so much I have to do and I feel like I just can't do it. I feel like I've failed my children, that I can't take care of them. I feel like everyone would be better off if I went away and I can't take feeling like this anymore. I don't see any way to fix everything. I don't know how to make things okay again.
I’m just dumping this here because i don’t know where else to put these thoughts. I’m a first year college student studying aerospace engineering because i am tortured by the fact that nobody knows why we exist and i cannot imagine any other way to satisfy myself besides working towards exploring the mysteries of space to maybe uncover some answers, despite being fully aware that i will likely die with more questions than answers. i’m kinda jacked because i work out every day to battle the constant emptiness and loneliness i feel. People think that because i am on track to be “successful” and because i work out enough to look good that i must be happy. They think because i appear to be confident and social, that i must enjoy life. nobody knows that i have had severe depression on and off for the last two years, and that sometimes my will to live just completely goes out the window and it makes everything in life feel impossible. I do not believe in any god or afterlife and i am unfortunately deeply rooted in the belief that life on earth was a fluke and that nothing has any purpose, and that when we die we return to the earth as atoms and our consciousness is forgotten forever. I try and bury these feelings and live a happy life but they always come back when i least expect it and before i know it there’s tears rolling down my face and that familiar emptiness in my chest starts swallowing me whole, and i find myself wishing that i could just stop being conscious forever. seems like an effective shortcut to the end we all inevitably meet anyways. i feel alone in my sentiment and that nobody would understand where i’m coming from, so i never talk about it. i don’t fear death. i believe that ceasing to exist would be a neutral experience, and therefore could not be any worse than life. i am always so tired and the happiness that i project to others is often feigned in desperation, in an attempt to fake it till i make it. i guess i figured i could be happy if i acted happy and did stuff that happy, social people did, but nothing is ever rewarding to me. after so many months of this, and so many times thinking i had escaped it only for it to return and strip all the blooming happiness in my life away, i simply feel ready for the end. i have contemplated suicide hundreds of times in the last two years, and i’m back in a phase where i consider it at least once a day. i’m not posting this for advice. i know i should get therapy if i want to get better, but i don’t really want to be happy- i would sort of rather just cease to exist. i never asked to be born and existence generally seems like a cruel and unforgiving state for the endlessly curious human mind. by realizing that death is a neutral, painless transition into the void where i can be forgotten, i feel like i have overcome the desire to survive and reproduce which all living beings are unfortunately endowed with. nobody else feels this way because we have been programmed over billions of years to optimize our own survival. all i can say is fuck my programming, i’m unplugging from the matrix.
Very long story, no way I could post all the details, so I’ll do my best to quickly summarize. I have one of the worst cases of insomnia in Michigan and chronic pain, also an on and off again opioid addict to help my sleep and pain. My dad is also very stubborn and very dumb and doesn’t know how to handle situations like mine. Like he was in special education classes and can barely read, while me and my mother are very deep thinkers. Everyday is hell. My dad just screams and yells about everything and I’m tired of him hurting my mom and I so me and him have thrown hands a few times while my mom cries in the background. I don’t want to emotionally hurt my mom anymore and I want to finally sleep. I really just feel like if I take a bunch of pills and booze or kill myself some other way it will cause some pain for my mom but in the end it will stop a lot of things that will cause her pain. I feel like if I was gone my family would be happy with just my mom my dad and my sister, I seem to be the root of all the problems. Please keep in mind these are just the cliff notes, there’s are probably over a hundred of other reasons I could bring up why suicide would be my best option. The only reason I’m hesitant is because it would devastate my poor mother, but I feel her overall life would be better without the stress from me and all the problems that I come with. That and there’s the obvious fear of not knowing what’s on the other side, but lately my mind has been going to such dark places because of sleep deprivation that I feel why not just see? Everyone dies. I believe there’s something after death but I wouldn’t call myself religious. I kind of believe there’s a god but I don’t think an all knowing all loving god would send us to eternal damnation and suffering for one mistake when we aren’t even 100% sure if what’s in the Bible is true. Most people just believe whatever religion their family believes or what religion is dominant where they live in. Im not looking for sympathy, I’m just in my bed crying after a 10 hour work day and as soon as I got home it was constant yelling and getting smacked by my dad and now I’m just in bed kind of crying and thinking about swallowing a large amount of muscle relaxers and Xanax and various other pills and drink this pint of whiskey I have next to my bed. I’m a 25yo Male. Well I just needed to get this off my chest. Goodnight and well wishes to everyone out their who is also suffering. I love you
I've been struggling with feelings of shame over the months and whenever my parents talk to me or my friends talk to me I'm reminded of it, Im ashamed of my poor performance in my first semester of college, I don't think I can do better and I'll just be a leach on my parents being a financial and emotional burden. Whenever my parents talk to me they always ask where I'm going and what I'm doing and even when I come up with a plan and feel slightly motivated and optimistic of it they talk to me about it and kill my hope and leave me in pain thinking I'll go nowhere. I'm ashamed of my body, I'm a mtf transwoman and I can't express my sexuality as I feel that I'm just an abomination and nobody will want to be with me bc I still have a penis, I look at my hips and see that I don't have a feminine figure and feel horrible, I seclude myself to my room and try to escape on my computer, but if I talk to people I generally get called a dude bc my voice doesn't really pass even though I've been trying to make it sound more feminine, I just want to disappear, at my job I constantly think of just sinking into the floor and now I've started contemplating on whether I should just take a bunch of painkillers and alc or try to get my hands on a gun somehow. The only thing holding me back from suicide rn is the fact that I'd be hurting those who know me.
i am 3 semesters away from graduating college with a business degree but i hate everything about my major. i used to try so hard in school. i used to never give up. what's the point if i hate my life and no one to share with. not to sound like a jerk i know i have no real life experience. but i've been through so much pain and depression since i was a kid. i hate my life, my friends hate me are sick of me crying all the time. i am always afraid one day i will lose every last one and really have no one to talk to. i hate all of my classes  and i am already struggling outside of college. i hate the business world and my anxiety is through the roof. should i drop out? i struggle to sleep and wake up in the morning, suicidal thoughts 24/7 and my mental health has never been worse. i changed my major 3 times (was originally in the sciences) and settled on business because i just wanted to get out of the school as fast as possible, college has been the most isolating and sobering experiences of my life. i go to a commuter school with nontraditional aged students for financial affordability reasons and i feel so alone. if i drop out now, i lose my scholarship. but i hate my major more than anything. if i drop out i know i am never going back. i will have no debt if i drop out. but i will have no  degree either... i had a chance to save my life but i turned it down. i self sabotage everything. everything feels like a lie. i don't want my life, i sound so ungrateful but if i have to fight invisible battle my whole life i want out of this misery. not getting any better it's gotten significantly worse. my dad says he wants to call an ambulance every week, i go into hysterical crying every night. like wailing. for hours. i'm just so sad  and i can't even get out of it for even a day. even in sleep it's getting so bad. i wake up at night jumping out of my skin, no rest fees like enough. i survived twice in the summer. i don't know what to do anymore it feels like the last remaining breaking points because all i had going for me at this point schedule-wise was school and my job. i thought i was too young to feel so sad, everyone says these are supposed to be the best years. these have been my worst.
Hi I am really trying to hold on but everything makes me feel like my life is crumbling. Last year was the worst year of my life mentally I couldn’t get out of bed for weeks on end. I’m on medication I’ve tried different ones nothing seems to be working. I’ve had my perfect life imagined forever and I can’t cope with it not going this way as ridiculous as that sounds. I’m a senior in hs and a year ago I was on track to do everything I ever wanted and I managed to ruin it for myself. Now I’m trying to catch up on all the shit I messed up and am drowning trying to get stuff done for my dream university. I have been struggling with that and my mom who just manages to drive me completely insane every time she opens her mouth. My mom crushes my at every moment and I really can’t take this right now. I’m struggling so manage with everything and am in so much pain. The only things I will miss are my dad and my pets and that’s not enough for me right now. Please reach out to me I know this isn’t going to solve anything but I need some short term help for getting me through this mess of my life.
Literally every moment on campus is spent in pure suicidal anger, and every moment spent off campus is spent counting down the hours until I have to go back to campus. No, I haven’t been doing homework. Yes, I’ve skipped class to regroup so that I can prepare for more hellish classes. Everyone says that college is one of the greatest experiences of your life and that you’re going to find the love of your life and make friends that are going to stay with you for the rest of your life. I am in the second semester of my senior year and I’ve made passing friends who don’t give a shit about me, and I have never, ever, had a significant other. I am bisexual and I still have never had a love experience. I push away everyone because I have a disgusting body, disgusting face, and disgusting personality. There is one girl that I think is trying to tell me that she is interested but I’m too fucking stupid to know for sure, and even if I did, I would have no idea what to do since I’m so goddamn inexperienced. I have tried Tinder, Bumble, Grindr, OkCupid, Hinge. Still too socially broken to know how those things work. I am drowning in my own loneliness. I have no reason to go on. I have not had one single experience in college that felt fulfilling. I am only still in college because the world bases your entire being around whether or not you have a college degree. I feel like I would be so much happier just working a shitty desk job 40 hours a week, because at least then I wouldn’t have to walk miles per day just to be on time to each class. My dad died of suicide. I don’t want to put my family through that again, but I don’t want to put myself through life. I am hopeless, and I am destined to die sad, broken, and alone. I am nothing but a pathetic excuse for a human and I feel like suicide is my destiny.
Every day I wake up wishing I was dead, I go to school and have no idea what the fuck I'm doing there so I get frustrated then I realize I'm not paying attention so I try to then I still don't get it after asking for help or whatever, so then I think about dropping out and just doing whatever I want, and guess what if it doesn't work out I can just kill myself. Either that or I have a good day which is rare, but then I'll end up having to work or not get to do the few things I enjoy because after school I just want to lay on the couch for hours. Anxiety over random things kill me, bus rides, hearing about injuries, sitting in the same place for too long, possibility of being injured randomly.. hell I had a really bad panic attack out of nowhere one night because I thought my appendix would burst randomly. I spent an hour trying to distract myself by watching a comedian and watcjing a little breathing pattern video while my whole body shook and my heart was bursting out of my chest..it was so scary and I felt like I was gonna die. I have nobody to talk to about this stuff, my parents hate me, I have no real friends, the only girl I ever had spent all of 2019 treating me like shit until I dumped her stupid ass and would literally get mad at me when I would tell her about my problems. I've wanted to die on and off since I was 11. My whole life up until recently I was ridiculed for every little thing I did and how I just wasn't like other boys my age and didn't conform to everything. I liked art and not sports, so I must be gay right? No, I just have a useful talent that might have a future one day. I wouldn't know though, how am I supposed to care about school when I'll probably be dead and gone as soon as I can get my hands on a gun? I just need someone who cares about me, even then I'm definitely killing myself within the next 5 years
I’ve lost it, again. Everything was going well for me after successfully picking myself up from my last stint in the hospital for mental health and yet, I am worse than I’ve ever been. I moved across country, found a great job, fell in love, and moved (again) to restart (what I thought was,) the rest of my life. My depression creeped back after the season change as it was the first time I’d experienced it since moving away from California (lived there for about a year and a half without issues with depression.) Recurring memories of being abused when I was 17 would flood my dreams because it had happened during the season change and I hadn’t lived in a place other than where I grew up for that time of the year. It felt different to not be depressed in California as opposed to Colorado where I am now. My ex (almost fiancé but I was experiencing severe bipolar mood swings that caused me to try and eliminate the recurring memories of being abused by trying to be intimate with someone of the opposite gender ) left me and I’ve been struggling to figure out my future ever since. It’s mostly because we had our whole lives in front of us and I just can’t live with what I’ve done to someone I truly loved. I walk with my head down every day and I feel unwanted and worthless. I’ve never been so depressed in my life. I’m on medication for my depression and have been for a few months but I still know how I truly feel about myself and what I have to live with. My head is plagued with thoughts of ending my life on a daily basis as soon as I wake up. I say that because it is a normal thought in my head and it is not something I see as irregular or threatening to myself. I lack purpose within and I don’t know when or how things will get any better for me as I just continue on this bipolar spiral every few years. I just don’t care to participate in this thing we call “life” anymore.
My best friend proposed me in 2014 April after her divorce, i always loved her and i accepted. But her ex was a psychopath who threatens and physically abuses just for the heck of it being drunk. He used to beat me up even before their divorce just because he wants a punching bag. I was afraid that if he comes to know that i will be in a relationship with my best friend and intend to marry her who is his ex , he would hurt me really and also suspect that i was the reason for their divorce. We had many mutual friends and i was afraid to tell my girl my feelings so instead i decided to put up a show that i was with someother girl(as a decoy) so that no one would know about me and my best friend. My girl used to live in a different country at the time , and initially i did not have the courage to tell her that im being with a decoy to protect myself , with the fear of losing her. I needed to maintain pretenses so i had to make it look real and it went too far. I did tell my best friend what i was upto eventually , she was upset but we managed to pull through for 5 years. Neither of our parents were happy about me and my best friend getting married but they had to succumb to our assertiveness and agreed. MY best friend asked me to do something that i always liked , like making films , and be happy and have no regrets in life before getting married. She motivated me and helped me immensely to shoot a film about climate change. I started the movie and suddenly she vanished , blocked me avoided me for months without any contact , i didnt understand , this never happened before. Later she finally broke the silence saying she met this decoy person and took her phone(that other girl hoarded the entire chats we had 5 years ago for some reason) , My best friend felt heart broken and betrayed and cheated. I argued that i did what i had to do to protect my self , but she was unhappy that i did not tell her how far it went with that decoy. Right now because of the pressure from her parents she is forced to date some guy, a potential husband. She initially said she will put all this behind us and she will call off that engagement , she did. but then her parents coerced her to again get in touch with that guy , but taking away her phones , her cards , and restricting her horridly. Right now she says she likes that guy and he is decent and warm and a replica of herself unlike me , who was always disturbed and lost. She says she is tired of making me stand on my feet because i was always in a depressed state before i started the movie. I realised my mistakes and begged her to forgive me and il try to be the best version of myself and keep her happy what ever it takes. But she has lost faith , she hates me , and her parents keep adding fuel to the fire by questioning her life choices , first the psychopath ex and now this philanderer person, etc. She has developed cystic fibrosis and she blames me for it , and this new guy it seems he has some terminal disease ,i dont know what. She says he makes her happy and she can relate to the guy(she calls herself terminal). The thought of my love of my life being with some guy , is something which i am unable to process or digest. I hated myself for what has happened , what i put her through and what im putting myself through cuz of what i did. I hated myself so much , that i began to disassociate. I was suicidal. I was unable to see things in first person anymore. I tried to get help from a couple of psychiatrists, they were too afraid to handle me after listening to my story and how i feel right now. I cannot think of anything else but killing myself. I dont have any friends to share with. I cannot share with my parents and break their hearts. At the same time im unable to live thinking my best friend , my girl , my partner , my everything , hates me and likes some guy now. She keeps me informed of whats happening like she wants me to win her back , but then she turns very cold and mean , all she can think of is the past. I am waiting for my movie to be submitted to Cannes 2020 , after which i decided to kill myself. Sharing this because someone has to know how much i love her and nothing in life has any meaning without her. </3
I've fallen in love, hard. I have bpd, am an alcoholic and only one week clean of self harm. I'm on antidepressants and they're making me suicidal as fuck. I prepared a letter in case I ever decide to get drunk and down all my pills, about 80 should do the trick. maybe not today but I can't keep living with the anxiety I deal with, the paranoia and recently, hallucinations. I'm a trans guy and I'll never go on hormones since it's so hard in my country to get them. Like, 4 people or so have to confirm that you're indeed "ill" and therapy doesn't work. And I'm too socially incapable to get all the calls done and stuff. I've been sick from work for more than a week now due to my depression and all the meds did so far was give me 4 panic attacks and suicidal thoughts and the hallucinations. I hate myself for falling for who I fell for. He doesn't like me back at all, he's always so cold and reserved to me and I feel like my life can't keep going like this. I don't know what job I wanna do for the rest of my life and I have to apply until like mid February. Not today, but I'm sure I won't live to be 18 on October 5th. If I try and get help, I can't go on T for even longer and that'll worsen my problems. So death it is.
i don't think i can keep it up for much longer, though. i've been trying hard to improve and be better than my relatives i'm so scared of resembling in any capacity but i feel like i'm just not good enough. i try and look out for people in servers i'm active in and i try to be responsible and supportive and i guess slightly maternal towards the friends i have to the point where i'm probably doing more moderating in the main server i use than the actual mods there, but i don't think i'd leave much of a hole in anyone's life if i were to disappear right now. i try and just act like a clown online and keep my actual pain and generally anything serious away from the places i use because i want people to be able to actually escape from their pain and politics and other stuff that brings the atmosphere down. i try hard to keep this act up all the time because i don't ever want to hurt anyone by burdening them with my feelings again like i did for so long, and i try so hard to just be strong and be the bigger person even in times where i'm furious or hurt or even when i've had people throwing all kinds of accusations at me and putting me down for my situation with my relatives even when i felt like my mind was falling apart.
I've posted here on different accounts before, I've posted everywhere honestly under multiple aliases, talking about how I'm ready and have been ready to let go. Maybe the issue is how disconnected these conversations are with strangers through pixels on a screen rather than something in person with someone you actually know and have memories with. I never had the worst upbringing, of course the perception I had on it was something different but over-exaggerating my experience hasn't gotten me anything. Emotional abuse is essentially the extent of my struggle as far as an early story goes. Regardless of whatever reasoning or backstory I have what makes me so ready to let go is the current, what I live every day. I turn 20 March 30th, But I'm hoping that like I said when I was 11, I won't ever have to see that day. I had every chance to make the most of a life, but the older and more cynical I grow I start to realize how pointless staying here in the first place is. If life is precious, if life is such a blessing, then I am no where near living. If that's the case I'm not sure the last time I could even say I DID live. Living with the disorders I do and trying to find a place in a real world, my attention can't stray from the truth of me not being worth the effort. I self medicate to try and escape but nothing is permanent and I wake up in the exact same situation driving me to the decisions I have settled on. March 1st, 2020. I wrote it in every notebook, I've carved it into trees and houses, and now its coming. I have 31 days to prepare myself, take care of anything I feel I need to, etc. Of course having a date and plan probably doesn't validate anything, if life was that hard or so difficult or if I was actually ready I would have done it by now, trust me I've heard it from everyone countless times. There's not even any significance or meaning behind the day, I just want to go in the same month I entered, it eases my mental on the situation, can't really explain it. At this point I'm rambling because I can't sort my thoughts or even the purpose of this post. I hope anyone out there that may read this and feels similar can find hope or love in anything to hold onto, and regardless if not, know I love you. You all deserve better than you have gotten.
i feel like I have no life, it is just very easy for me to say that. I have no life. I have no life, I do not have a life. I wish I’m already a part of something. A lot of times I just don’t feel like I’m a part of anything. I don’t feel like it’s necessary for me to live right now. I don’t think I matter. I’m just there, all I do is wrong. I can’t get it out of my head. It is difficult. Sometimes I can’t breathe just thinking about how I can’t breathe. I want to like myself. I want to love myself. But I just wish I am interested at people. When I am, I tell it straight to their face. Am I just trying to be edgy? I ask myself that question all the time. Because a lot of times when I ask myself that question, I just want to die. I just don’t mind not existing if that question is to be brought up. I especially hate it when my sisters trigger me. A lot actually. I get triggered by them so much, they just couldn’t deal with me, I think. That is exactly why I punched myself in the face, because they made me feel like a creep. Like I’m so unlikeable, like I’m just asking for attention. But really, I’m just trying to live my best life, trying all the things that I want to do. I am trying to be non-toxic to myself. To others, to my friends. I readily don’t feel like I have any friends. It’s hard to reach out when every time I see people, my friends, they do not want to be intimate with me. I feel like all my friendships, the best kinships I’ve ever experienced were with people that are able to become vulnerable. I feel like I’ve put myself in vulnerable positions very frequently, however I’ve also felt burnt out very frequently. I’m tired of living. I am scared. But I don’t want to die, I want to live and be happy. I feel disgusting almost all the time. My butt hurts. When it hurts, it is a constant reminder that I’m disgusting and unlikeable. I hate myself so much I just want to become a void. A black void, oh I will be! I cried a lot, I’ve wasted a lot of time. I love wasting time, that is my best expertise. Why is it so hard to keep my butt clean? I heard my butt smells also come out of my mouth. My little sister, my older sister and myself, we are all so equally disgraceful and unpleasant in our own ways. Like I’ve said, I don’t like myself. I wish I’ve died. I’ve seen them giving hard times to other people, and I’ve seen myself giving so much difficult times to other people. I feel like I’m just a burden .x
I kept hearing that word every single day. Like who the fuck cares if I’m still alive. I’m done, I’m the only one who’s to blame. I’m the only one who ended up bleeding inside. I’m tired on the people saying shit to me. Everything has changed since my dad passed away, my mom doesn’t care about what awards/progress I made in school. People calling me immature for what I do. Those hobbies is the only one thing that makes me somewhat happy but taking that too?! You didn’t knew how fucking hard to live with a dark past. I’ll admit that I was molested when i was a kid. Now i fucking lost my dignity. Everyday I felt like shit. Faking my smile and laugh. What else, fucking shaming me for no reason. I tried strangling myself once but that wasn’t enough and because I realized that i have a two siblings to help to finish their future. I’m already tired and bleeding inside. I’m screaming inside that I wish I was dead or switched placed with my father so he’s alive and I’m dead. I don’t know why my girlfriend ditched me after my 18th birthday. And now? I’M IMMATURE BECAUSE I FUCKING CRY ON ANIME AND SHIT!!! AT LEAST THE ANIME I’VE BEEN WATCHING HELPED ME TO SURVIVE THIS HORRIBLE LIFE!!! I tried living and stop thinking about killing myself but no, like god hates me... People want me dead anyways then why don’t I just try one more time. If I failed, fuck it I’ll do the usual on my menu. Strangling... It’s stupid that i didn’t die when a motorcycle hit me. I wish I was. I’m a burden to all of my relatives. I already asked help from random stranger but I couldn’t be more happier. I tried forgetting my dark past but it kept hunting me. I really regretted stepping on the land of this cruel world. I’m horrible at everything, I always getting scolded on work with a simple fucking mistake. I tried listening to some music but nothing happened, I tried consulting my friends but still useless. I tried talking to a guidance counselor and nothing was changed. Maybe this is it really, my fucking end. I’m hopeless in all ways.  Maybe this will be my first and last post in the internet ever.  Please if I ended up dead, I wish this post reached to all of my family and friends.
I have tried to talk to my parents about this and they just tell me "its just your anxiety, hes our baby, dont you tell me how to raise my baby, he doesn't do it to meeeee, or think of him as one of the humans and enjoy his company" they simply refuse to listen to me as I've begged them to get it to stop, i cant afford to live on my own, I'm mentally unable to live on my own. Im scared and I want the pain to stop, I've tried everything, noise canceling headphones help, but I cant wear them all day and night. Im in therapy, I tried exposure therapy, everything. I just cant take it anymore, I cant take listening to the dog snap at my siblings and I anymore. I just want to die and get the pain to stop, maybe that would wake my parents up from whatever this trance is that makes them unable to see that their kids are in danger.
Hi, I’m Ace. A 14yr old closeted asexual. I don’t really have anywhere else at all to go back this. I often keep myself awake at night thinking about what was my reason for being here. How I want to die and be gone but I’m too scared to do anything because death involves pain and some days I realize how much worse things would be if I did it. Some days I find reasons to stay, others like tonight just make me want to end everything. I have nobody. I’m starving. I’m tired. I am nobody. I’m just a worthless wanna be musician and shit artist. I don’t feel good and I want to cry. My body aches right now. It’s probably because I refuse to sleep long at all. I hate this. I just want to leave but at the same time, I have a few things to look forward to that I enjoy. But the problem is that I’ve been used to being left alone for so long that it’s hurting me. To only talk to myself all the time until they becomes unbearable. To sit against a wall and watches others have a good time while I cry, wondering why I can’t have what they have. I think a lot my reason for wanting to kill myself is jealousy and anger. I want a relationship. I want a friend to be with me. I don’t want to be lonely. I want what they have. This is torturous. Constant heart and headaches and sadness all day long...starting high school is one thing I look forward to though. Maybe I’ll find new friends?
I don't even know where to start. I guess beginning (this might get depressing). My parents split up when i was 2 and i went to my moms for summer and christmas she lived in Missouri while my dad and i lived in oklahoma.  I have had a rough child hood i was like 9 or 10 when it all started and my gpa killed himself out side in his car i saw him right after they got him to some place idk where but his body was still full of the gas from the exhaust. I was really close to him so it was really hard the next year on of my uncles died and i started losing faith in god. When i was 12ish maybe 11 my mom babysitting these 2 guys they both above 16 idk really they where older i thought it was weird she was babysotting but my mom was a junky so there could of been something else happening im not sure but what i remember was playing spinthe bottle with high schoolers and one night on of the guy made me lay down on his bed room floor and he turned off the light and asked of i wanted to play thats all i remember i think i blocked the rest out and now i try to remember but i cant i i just end up crying. When i was 13 my gma died of over dose and this is when i moved in with my mom for the second time and started smoking weed both these grandparents were on my mothers side. Imma back track a little to get caught up woth my dads side before i go to age 15. Life with my dad was hard but i loved him so i try to ignore all of it my dad was a alcoholic i mean he tryied to support us but we were very poor well he made money but it all went to alcohol and weed for my stepmom but i basicly raised my little brother and sister because my parents really didnt we spent a good amount of time with my grandparents from my dads side my gpa from his side never really talked to my but my gma was like my mom because my mom was always on drugs and never there for me actually my gma  was the only adult thats everbeen there for me. So i started self harm at 12 i felt so alone at home and i was bullied in school i had no friends and i wanted to kill myself i came out to my dad that i was bi at 13 and he didnt take it well this when i moved in with my mom for the first time but it only lasted 2 months because at this point she is in tulsa oklahoma woth a new guy and the schools there were to big for my social anxiety and i skipped alot she made me start smoking weed because i was cutting myself and i went back to my dads. Between the ages of 13-15 nothing major happen but my developing drug addictions so by the time i was 15 i was smoking weed constantly and taking any oills i can i moved in with my mom at 15-18 when she moved to a small ass town Chouteau Oklahoma. This is where i met some of the best friends ive had but dont talk to anymore(reached out to one telling them i needed someone to talk to and he read it and didnt respond) in this town i also started a 3 year addiction to k2 that fake weed shit. I was like 16 when i got kicked out of highschool for getting in trouble to much i was smoking cigs and fake weed at achool id take pills and go to school and yeah i just didnt know how to deal with shot still i was 15 or 16 when i saw one of my friends from the town i lived in with my dad was hit by a train and they had to scrape his body of the ground with a shovel....wtf more drugs attempt suicide first time . at 16 i had falling out woth a guy my mom was with tony.. He was abusing my mom and he was a drunk he is huge like 6 feet or taller my mom like 5 2 but we got in fight and i said i will kill him in his sleep tonight. He left and later she met this guy mike he was hit by power lilne as kid he was missing a leg but he was a great guy we had a strong connection so at 17 i spent 6 month in 3 diff mental heath places last place was high security because i kept self harming. And i wanted to kill myself again i was bad on drugs and huffing gas. I got better ish i got out i only smoked weed and took pills didnt take k2 but had a prescription to highest mg aderal. After i got out my mom had sold my car and moved us into middle of no where my friends wouldnt talk to me and i had no one again i tried to od second atrempt of suicide  on addy i was taking 5 methadone a day from mike and i had nothing so i stop taking meds and moved to texas with my day at 18 he just got out of jail for 6 months he was in a wreck with his brother they were drunk his brothe lost use of his arm but anyway we went tl texas for a new start i was still smoking and had opioid addiction cant kick we started doing concrete and staying in a motel together eventually he got back with my step mom and its all 5 of us me my dad stepmom sister and brother staying in 1 room at my stepmoms moms house. That was about 4 months and we got a town home and this is where i started losing it again i left home stayed with a random girl fir a month my mom calls mike died his body stored to much water in his leg or someshit. It hurt so bad cam back my dad had new job and i was such and introvert i havent had friends in a whike idk anyone and i got lost into a pc i went withouth a job for a year did leave the house i went to job corp at 19 amd dropped out came back home worked with my dad for a little never moved out got fired moved in with aa girl i fell" in love"with her name was tori it lasted 5 months and i stared meth our relationship was based of drugs we broke uo i went back home quit meth still smoked weed and took pills. I was lost i didnt work date or leave house for 2 years i started working at 7 eleven after 2 years to try to learn social skill an move on with life 6 mobths in i met the love of my life i saw her once and thought about her everynight about dating and being with her i saw her again a week later got her number we hung out a little she showed up one night crying i tried to help we hung out alot more then like after a month we started dating and another 2 months we live together i move out for first time roomate with her and coworker i was really bad on pills at this point like had 4 hour blackouts at work from xanax and taking everything i can find about a 6 months into our relationship she helped me slow dow. On pills maybe take couple times a months i loved her so much i was so happy i felt good social and where i was so i quit 7 11 and startrd training under chef and a college for a career bit the kitchen closed for 4 moths out of the year and i need a more stable job so for the next 3 year im on and off pills and work i have no friends my lung collapse 2 times one of my best friends from school killed himself my gna that was like a mom dided of cancer my uncle died on r wheeler accident only thing i love in life is sarah we had some patches but tried to get through she stopped taking meds got off birth control amd got a little abusing physically alot mentally but i know she was sick and it wasnt her and i k ow her i love her blah blah ive been without a job for a month 2 weeks ago we broke up she wants to focus on herself i get that i really do but we tried to be frie ds after break uo but i felt lime she was just using me to not be alone and ahe said she didnt know if she was or not she started texting the only other guy she every loved and it hurt i felt like i dont want to stay fr3as yiu move on and date other ppl i still love you so i ended the friendship i relapses on my short sobriety of pills and long time without self harm i think about killing myself every time i think about life without her and the familty we had planned im back at parents no job no one to talk to i want to killmyself again im 24 i wanted to purpose this year i dont want to open up to anyone anymore they just leave me im lost i hate life and there is no fucking hope everything just get worse nothing gets better
I wouldn’t usually do something like this but I don’t know what else to do, I’m 18 and go to college. I’ve recently broke up with my girlfriend of nearly 2 years, she’s the person I thought I’d spend the rest of my life with and I still love her but the feelings aren’t shared, it feels she’s completely forgot about me in the space of a month which I think is hard to deal with, I’ve lost people who were important to me over last year, I don’t exactly have any plans for life, I feel like I’m just living for the purpose of living and it’s getting extremely hard to find the motivation to even get out of bed now. I don’t really have anyone to speak to. It’s getting to the point where I’m starting to feel nothing besides being in pain and being upset 24/7, I thought maybe if I put it out I might feel better than keeping it in.
i just don't understand how some ppl were successful in their early days or in their 20s and went in the slumps. for me, i always been a failure. i remember being 3-4 and hated going to k-school. I hated everything about school, i hated learning things, i only wanted to have fun with my friends and have a good time. life went really well in high school, i was 6'2 by 15, good looking and i had a gf when i was 16. life couldn't be any sweeter than this. enter my early adulthood-early 20s. i was a roommate with my friends and i worked at retail. it was ok but i always felt disconnected from everyone else. i honestly tried to ignore my feelings, i always felt like i would never go anywhere with my life because of learning disabilities. because of this, i always had low self esteem. I failed in every subject besides PE, since i was low IQ i always felt stupid and i was just different from everyone else. mid20s-30. this is when i started to drift apart from everyone. as we progressed into our 20s, i realized that my peers were more  focused on careers and having a serious relationships. i was dating a lot but i could just never connect with these women. i moved around a lot, so that didn't help. slowly over time i just lost in contact with everyone else. early 30s- now, the isolation phase, it's just over for me. "it gets better" IT NEVER FUCKING GETS better. anyone who says this got a high paying job somewhere and life turned around for them.  I'm just not good enough to stand out, i will never accomplish anything and my outlook in life is too dark and real. im always so tired and fatigue all the time now, i have nothing to look forward to and i just given up on everything. lm in my 30s and  i still feel like i never grew up, i could never handle any responsibilities. modern society is such a bullshit, there's too many things to learn, so many bs things to do. its just too much. the health problems, loneliness , mental issues, cognitive failure/ learning disabilities. i honestly can say that i hate myself. now that im in my 30s, im not even good looking anymore. looks has faded, body is all soft and weak. there's nothing i can do and i have no desire to do anything. everything i do feels pointless. existing feels pointless because i deeply long for connection. but i can't get that, cause my personality is different. i just can't do this anymore, last few yrs has been really tough on me. the isolation phase really f'ed me up for good. i will always be at the bottom in our society. death is the only way to freedom
Hi everyone. I've never really done this before but I felt like I needed to get my feelings out there. I feel like I'm at the end of my rope and like things are just gonna keep blowing up in my face. Life constantly feels like a sick joke. Whenever I become foolish enough to think that the coast is clear and that I can finally pursue self-love and happiness, a curveball comes out of nowhere and fucks everything up. Whether it's friends, girlfriends, or work, something always happens. I look around and I wonder how everyone else goes on with their day and doesn't manage to fuck everything up. It makes me feel like I'm trapped in a simulation and everyone's in on it except me. It feels like life is some shitty drama series. Nothing can happen normally or be straight forward and I'm getting pretty tired of it. I've had these thoughts for so long, but I truly feel like I have no future at this point. This feels like life energy that could've been spent on someone who'd capitalize on it. Not a good for nothing loser failure like me.  I'd rather not get too specific but it basically feels like my chances of making it in this world, getting a good job, finding a girlfriend, and feeling like a fulfilled adult, aren't likely. Everything was finally starting to look great and POOF. Gone. Now I'm 23, unemployed, alone, and hate myself inside and out. The worst part is, I feel like my life's not so bad, nor was my upbringing too horribly difficult. So on top of it all, I also feel ungrateful, and my folks don't seem to understand that I don't hate my life. I just hate myself and my mere existence.  And unfortunately, idk if I'm bold/weak enough to end my life. Leaving the small amount of loved ones I have behind like that makes me feel like a coward and a terrible person. And I know a lot of people might argue that having loved ones "means you have something to live for" but what's the point if I don't love myself? That's why every time I step outside, I hope that I'll get in a car accident or be struck by lightning. At least then it won't be my fault. I know this is wordy, but I hope someone who's experienced this kind of feeling sees. I don't know where else to turn to.
My parents are ashamed of me being trans and now I’m in debt bc of my transition. Some lady came into my work today and told me my life is sinful and that she doesn’t support homosexuals. I had to go back to the cash register and pretend to be nice to all the customers misgendering me. My rent is late again. My landlord hates me. I wanna get really faded but I’m too broke to get high. I can’t even buy groceries. It’s like this every month when I have to pay rent. So tired of it. I feel like I let everyone down constantly. I hate being angry and hurt by others but then again I feel like I deserve it. I don’t know if I’m actually suicidal but I’m alone now going go to sleep and I hope I do t wake up.
Life has been so hard for me lately. I live in NY, turned 18 very recently. I'm struggling so badly and my willpower is deflating more and more every day, it's almost - No, it IS - scary. I don't think I've ever gotten this close to wanting to take my own life. I've struggled with depression silently for years, and this year it's exploded. If I have anxiety, it's undiagnosed. I've always had at least a minor self hatred. This year has been especially difficult because of how fast the adult world is hitting me with deadlines and new problems to overcome. With college applications escaping me and the deadline only a few days away, and grades plummeting from their usual high rates, and the urge to find a job being pushed on me harder and harder, I feel so overwhelmed I might burst. Anger from procrastination and lacking the ability to forgive myself to continue onward, anxiety preventing me from opening vital projects and making progress, it's becoming a problem. I could always fix my grades and work to undo mistakes, but deadlines are deadlines. I can't shake the feeling that I've failed. It's left me stressed and depressed and nauseous for weeks. I don't know what to do. I'm scared. I can't talk to my parents about this, and I'd never burden my internet friends with this. I've been thinking about the escape of suicide as a sort of coping mechanism an unhealthy amount, and I'm beginning to think I I might actually do it. I didn't know where to get these feelings out, so I made a burner account and came here.
My life has always been a blur. Every day I wake up and barely remember the day before. Two months ago I was waking up with my girlfriend of six months at the time, and I was the happiest guy in the world. Last week I woke up in my new mattress for the first time, and I felt well rested, confident, and happy for the first time in a long time. Since then my mind has been in a rapid decline and I don't know what to do. It started when I realized I had no idea what I was doing day-to-day. I had no idea what was happening as I did it, or why I said what I was saying, or how to process the choices that I was making. Then I realized I had little to no memories of my very recent relationship. I realized I had little to no memories about my life until this moment. I forgot what my mother and father looked like. Legitimately, I could not remember what my parents looked like. I couldn't remember going to class a single time last semester - even though I know I went to at least some. I began to notice that this was not a recent occurrence, but my poor memory has plagued me my entire life. I remember sitting silently with my ex-girlfriend for weeks, and I thought that it was okay. Because at that point I had already forgotten the happiest moments we shared when we first met and didn't know how to get back to those moments. The breakup affected me, but I have already forgotten how it made me feel. Individual days mean nothing to me. Sitting down to write all of this out makes me realize that my parents see the troubles inside me better than I have. Me and my father hung out for the first time since I moved back into the same city that he lives in. We went to a bar where he works. I noticed that the bartender friend of his kind of motioned like, "What's up with your son?" and I saw my dad shrug back. I'm here, I'm trapped and I don't know what happened to you son.
I've never really posted anywhere, and I don't know if this will help or not. The past few nights I can't keep suicidal thoughts from my mind. My main worry is my animals at this point, I hate the idea of letting them down. I've lost so much in my life. From my best friends or me moving when I was young, parents divorcing, dad moving far away, my mom died of liver cancer, my father smoke and drank himself to death once they forced him to retire, a year after I was able to reconnect with him. Other people closer to me moved away or passed away too. I just feel so numb and broken, I've been in tears for 3 days, unable to sleep or eat. What sparked it though is my husband got in a huge fight with his parents, and decided to change his entire life, and I don't have all the same visions. I like a more simple life, where he wants to live extravagantly. He's basically made me feel like I either follow him through his wants or he is done. He is my world and the only reason I have been able to keep going this long. I wasn't perfect, I got lost in a lot of depression and I could have been better to him, and better in general. I'm useless though. I have an artistic mind but not a business mind. INFP-T. I don't know what to do. I got comfortable living under him, and now I feel like I'm being thrown away after 12 years. I can't do this on my own. I stood by him through everything, but now I feel like nothing. I had many suicidal thoughts before him and while with him at other points. I thought we were doing well until this past weekend. This just feels like a breaking point I can't return from. Now I can only think of ways to do it, but also in a way where I dont leave a mess or scare my pets.  I have no desire to live, I've never felt that attached to this world anyway.
I'm 18 and I don't have a job, my medication is expensive and doesn't work right. I try to help by cleaning the house and cooking but most days its hard for me to even get out of bed. I hate being like this. I know I'm a burden but I don't know how to stop. I'm scared to die but I don't want to be alive anymore. I keep waking up wishing I had died in my sleep or I'll walk into the street and hope that i get hit by a car. I want to kill myself but I've been too much of a coward to try. I'm not nothing but a burden on my family and they would be better off without me.
It is absolutely crushing. I wanted to be pregnant so bad (this may be an atonement baby for one I lost previously) but now that I am the depression I have always lived with before is suffocating me and I know I am supposed to be a good mother to my baby and want to be happy and stick around for that but I can’t help but think that if I don’t have time to take care of myself now once he/she is born I will just slip further and further.... how can I possibly be a good mother this way... I want to kill myself regularly and still can’t stop hurting myself. My husband and I don’t get along anymore and according to him it’s because I’m never pleasant or happy anymore and rude to him and never have anything nice to say about anything. I can’t help it I am pregnant and constantly in pain and sick and constipated and exhausted and I sound like I’m complaining but really just nothing makes it stop ever. Nothing makes me happy except the occasional update on my baby’s size. My 8 week ultrasound was the happiest I’d been in weeks.....
As I get older, my feelings & reasons for it become more tired and serious. It seems like I exist in a state of being suicidal, even when I’m “fine”. I’m just tired of it. Last night was a really bad night for me, and I ended up writing my goodbye letter. I don’t have any concrete plans to end my life in the immediate future, but I feel like I’m always at risk. I don’t know where to go from here. I’m scared and sad and I want to reach out and talk to my family but I don’t know how to start. They know about my mental health & have been involved with it, but they tend to ignore it until I’m actually in the hospital or something. Even when I’ve attempted in the past, they get involved for a bit, and then pretend it never happened. I guess its easier for them that way, and I don’t blame them. I’m a lot to deal with.
I just dont like anything i have no interest  in anything im always bored i have no ambition theres nothing i want out of life. I know i cant kill myself because i have friends and family and i dont want to hurt them. I know people care but i really truly wish they didnt cause it would things so much easier if i could just disappear. I just i wish i simply never existed. All i ever want to do or can think about is playing video games or reading to distract myself and have fun i guess and just not think about real life, but whenever ihave the time to just do that i just feel bored like its something i have to do like its way of just passing time until i can go to sleep i feel like i just want to sleep all the time im just always so TIRED in every sense. I used to think i was just lonely and if i had friends to hang out everything would be fine but i do now andim still not happy, i thought maybe having a girlfriend would fix it that being loved and not feeling inadequate that not feeling unwanted  would fix it but she just made me annoyed and frustrated all the time. ive talked about that with my friends and they all agree she was a pretty toxic partner and that it was the right move to break up with her and im completely over her by now but i feel like even i did end up in a healthy or supportive relationship id still just feel disinterested or frustrated or bored or empty. I thought for the longest while that my big problem was being a virgin, that it all just boiled down to me feeling like some fucking bitter incel who was upset that everyone else was in relationships and having sex and i was unwanted but when i did start having sex i was just so fucking bored. I dont know what i want i dont think i want anything, i lost my last job primarily from disinterest, i work hard because manual labour is one thing im good at i can just zone out and do similar to just reading and video games i guess. Everything jsut seems so pointless and stupid and boring. Ive nearly killed myself several time ive talked about with my closest friend but honestly the only reason i havent done it is because i always chicken out at the last minute, i genuinely dont believe things will ever get better im just kind of swaning through life for others benefits laughing and smiling and joking all the time, talking about games and singing and joking with my friends but it all just feel like i front i jusst feel so dissatisfied with life and im just so fucking sick of it
Since then, I'm having break from school for over 2 years now. I feel a bit calm at home fortunately, but I still have no motivation to live. I just let time pass by. For these 2 years, I always wanted to disappear from this world, and half a year ago, I finally began to consider suicide seriously. Now, I AM suicidal. I plan to die at some point in march this year despite the fear of pain and consequences of death. And before you ask, I've been to therapists and Department of Mental Health Medicine for treatments. You know what. The pills I'm still taking do not seem to have any affect. Therapists admitted that they can't seem to help me and introduced new therapists. Current therapist also have difficulties determining my state. I also tried some on my own. I tried to do some exercise, but the physical tiredness just makes me so stressful. Same goes for hobbies. I tried to draw or something but they gave so much stress that my head starts to hurt. For past few months, I worked on my last resort. I tried to get what I really wanted to before if that might help, but financial issues made them to go all in vain. Now, I can't think of anything I can try. Clock's ticking towards my Dday and now I'm preaparing to let everything go.
i honestly have no opinion on where to put this, but this subreddit seems somewhat appropriate i guess. im at the point in my life where i once again want to die, but i in all honesty dont know what to do. im pretty young(only a teenager) and suicide has been on my mind for many years. ive made plans to do it multiple times but i always get to scared the last second. i dont feel like i can open up to anyone about it, mainly due to the fact that when i did open up this person told me "youre white, you cant have problems". im too scared to ask my parents for therapy and there is someone i really want to open up to but im too scared if theyre going to be like the last person i told or if theyre going to tell someone. i would like to ask for therapy but in all honesty, i dont know if my parents would believe me about me wanting to die and i dont want to cause them even more stress. i honestly dont think ill be able to ask without breaking down or if ill be able to ask at all. i am absolutely terrified of telling my parents.
Another sleepless night for me, I found some videos of my father my little cousin took without his knowledge back in 2013 ( he passed away a few months) and I started crying and laughing at some of the things ( he liked to tell stories and make jokes he loved making people laugh). Well my bf ( idk even if I can say he is anymore seeing as he sleeps on the couch for almost two months now and there's been no intimacy between us just fighting) he comes in the room and asks me what's wrong so I tell him and he just says angerily that I should stop watching the videos over and over. Now I feel even worse but I'm scared to start crying and break down but that's still not stopping the silent tears that I always seem to have. I can't live like this but I don't know how to get out everytime I leave he stops me and he made sure I dont have my family to go to and I have no friends at all, I'm in brand new city with no one I know within 5 hours of me. I just want to end it all I'm sick of this life since I was a child it's been one bad thing after another and it's getting to much to handle
I have been depressed as long as I can remember and will probably be this way as long as I live. I dont see any point in extending my misery any longer then I have to. I constantly debate just going until I'm about to run out of money in the bank then taking what little is left and ending things on my terms. Pretty sure no one wants someone like me around anyway. Fuck people make me so anxious I can't even play games with a damn mic because I fear people are just going to judge and berate me. I'm pretty sure if I didnt bring snacks and soda to dnd my friends wouldn't even want anything to do with me. I've never been enough for anyone and never will be. I hope something that I can't control takes me out so I dont have to make the decision for myself and, maybe it would ease the suffering my death would cause my dad. Sorry for the rambling and sorry if this isn't the right subreddit for this.
This past year has been rough for me. It all started with the development of voices in my head and disconnecting from reality. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia and my whole life was changed drastically. This past year I’ve slipped in and out of psychosis and have made a second home at the hospital with all the visits I have there. The voices tell me to kill myself and I now accept what they’re saying. I’m tired of living my life in constant fear and paranoia. Because of this disease I’m also losing cognitive functioning. I was once a proud 4.0 college student who now can’t even focus on a page of reading now, it’s taken me hours just to write this. I’ve also had many depressive lows, and each one takes me lower and lower. I don’t want to die, I still feel like I have love to give to others but I’m so empty inside, I’m only filled with strife and uncertainty. My will for life is empty. I also lost my dad this past May. He was my best friend. I hope to see him soon.
I've made many poor life decisions, I lost all my friends and the most precious person in my life because of my behaviour. I've been struggling with many mental illness for almost 7 years and nothing helps. My plan is that I'm going back to my country for sorting out some paperwork, then when I'm finished with that I go in to the bathroom, light up some charcoal and end this suffering. I don't want to live, I screwed up many things and I have nothing left. I never had a good relationship with my parents, but I know they will die with me. I may be cruel for doing that, but I really can't imagine how could I ever continue with all the shame and pain. Will it  be enough to pass away? It's a small room, not many space but enough to light up the charcoal. Will the CO kills me? I failed once and don't want again, since I left a message that I'm dead, but woke up in the afternoon. Now everybody thinks I'm just an attention seeking liar and I don't want that. Death is really my only goal in life and I'm prepared. Please tell me, will it be enough to finally end this cursed existence?
I've been depressed though. Because I'm religious, but a very sinful person. And everytime I committed a sin, I felt myself getting further and further away from God. Which led me to fall into depression. I used to live with the goal to be an obedient and righteous servant of the Most High, but because of constant failure, I gave up on that goal. Thus I have no reason to be alive anymore. I don't live for anyone, nor anything. People think about hurting their parents or friends when they contemplate suicide, but I don't care about hurting the people around me. I never lived for them after all. I don't hate myself and I don't feel depressed. There's just nothing in life I look forward to. I feel apathetic and numb. And knowing that I'll most likely sin again tomorrow, makes me even less willing to stay alive. Sometimes I wonder why God even keeps me alive. What does he want me to experience here? I'm not interested in this world. Getting a successful job and finding love would all be nice. But if I cannot be pious, I don't feel like staying here. And even if I do end up becoming pious one day, I think I'm broken beyond repair. The sins really have sucked out all life energy from me, or so it feels. My bad if I made anyone feel uncomfortable from reading this post, since it's related to religion and it seems that many people posting here aren't really religious. I just had to get this off my chest.
I've ran out of reasons to live and I just want to go. My lifes not the best but theres worse.  I was abused physical and mentally,neglected, cant find some one to love, I'm on the verge of moving out of my grandparents and no one cares that I want to leave and not in a good way. I struggle with substance problems, my therapists keep quiting on me and no one will try and help. I'm just on my last leg and I want to go I cant keep doing this, I'm too fucking young to feel like this and its fucked up. If any one out there feels the same I'm sorry, i wish i could help but i quite. All I do is help and never get helped I just want one true reason to stay but there are none and I dont know I'm sorry.
I hate school so fucking much man. It’s like my whole personality changes once I get there. I try to act happy but I’m not. I started to wear only my hoodie to school back in 6th grade because that’s when I started to get really self conscious about my size (I’m so fucking skinny, I only weigh 90 lb in 8th grade ) but that caused me to get made fun of more because I literally wear the same shit everyday. The few friends I do have I seem to have no connection with. I just feel so lonely man. It’s crazy how things change so fast, I’ve never had a thought about suicide when I was in 6th grade, but now when I get teased it crosses my mind. I don’t really have many options either. I live on the 3rd floor in my apartment and we have a patio so I could technically climb up to the roof and jump, the thing is it wouldn’t be fatal. I have a sharp kitchen knife but my pussy ass probably couldn’t bear with the pain. I’ve been told that I look like a school shooter in a kinda joking kinda serious way (like “hey, you better stop messing with mko or he’s gonna bring a gun to school”)and that just pushes me over the edge (no I’m not gonna shoot up my school). My lisp doesn’t make it any better because I literally feel like I can’t talk to anyone without being laughed at, it pushes me more into isolation than I already am. I really can’t fucking take it anymore though. But I couldn’t do that to my sister, she’s only 3 years old. I can’t let her grow up knowing that her brother killed himself at 13. It would destroy the family that I have left. I don’t know what to do man I don’t know what to do
I think one of the worse parts about depression and wanting everything to end is the fact you get stuck and weighed down by your thoughts every single day; into a rut and you just end up scraping through day by day, night by night not really existing, like you're physically here but mentally so far away and it just seems like everything is just so unrealistic.. even when you try your hardest to get out of that rut something shitty always happens and you end up stuck there.. 1 step forwards 2 steps backwards. It's been 15 months, I've locked myself away it even got to the point where I started to hear stuff and be paranoid because I've spent that long being alone, I have to wear my headphones for extended periods of time throughout the day just so I don't start going crackers.. I feel like the only way I can get out is to kill myself or have someone screaming motivating shit into my ear but of course that'll never happen because the only person who can help you is yourself. But of course my energy is non existent and even getting out of bed is painfully draining. I wake up tired, i'm too tired to shower, i'm too tired to exercise and i'm painfully unfit when I try, the mountain just feels too high from my reach. I'm too tired to dress and even when I do, i'm truly fed up of the same shit. I just genuinely don't know which way too turn, one day I want to get my self sorted and the next my energy is just zapped and I cant even get dressed. I'm so so fed up, I feel like its only a matter of time before this is all over
i doubt anyone will see this but that’s fine i just need to put this somewhere. i’m ready to just fucking end it already i have a date and i got a gun i know where i’m going to go but i’m still scared. my first girlfriend that i dated for about 2 years was really abusive but i always thought was she was doing was normal and she dumped me a few months ago and after a bit i started dating someone else. she was really nice and we would stay up together a lot and i just really liked her and it felt weird because she wasn’t abusive but i was starting to finally get used to it. well earlier today she broke up with me and said we should just be friends and i don’t know what to do. i have literally no friends at school and i only live with my mom and we aren’t close. i genuinely can’t see myself living to my 16th birthday this summer. in 2 weeks i’m finally going to drive as far as i can in the middle of nowhere and just do it but i’m scared. i wrote my note and the only thing stopping me is my fucking dog. sorry for wasting your time if you actually read this i just don’t know what to do
I don't want to just die, but I just can't find any sense or meaning behind life. Music is boring so I stopped listening to it, people have their own lives so I don't bother them with mine, I used to have so many friends but now I feel so alone and left out, I had people care for me deeply only for me to hurt them and again and again. Time keeps passing and all I can think of is how late it is getting to do anything, but still can't do anything because why bother? It's not like it matters. I'm just so tired. I want to know if it's all inside my own head or if I'm really going crazy and turning into an outcast. People still want to do stuff with me but I just don't want to, they bore me, I bore myself, the world is full of nothing. I feel like I'm just waiting and passing time before I decide to pull the trigger. I hope I either do it soon or find a cure. I feel more and more like I've got nothing to lose.
21 (F) Ive been trying to get better for years and years but I’m the exact same maybe worse. I have a full time job that i force myself to go to so i can pay my bills. Im pushing myself to finally graduate high school. (Dropped out from depression/kicked out for not showing up). I reached out to my mother who i haven’t seen in five years a few months ago she said she would help me but hasn’t said a word since. My father sometimes visits me but only to say I’m a failure and need to graduate high school then ill be a value-able person. I haven’t seen friends in years. My happiest moments are getting drunk when i don’t work and blasting music. My girlfriend has lost feelings for me and doesn’t love me like i love her anymore. I keep trying so hard to get better, but i still feel so empty and alone. No matter what i do, work, school, work out, attempt at getting interested in hobbies i cant. I cry and weep all the time and i scream and cry in my sleep. Its an endless circle. I have no motivation to keep carrying on like this. Im so exhausted i sleep so much i cant stand being awake. I dont know what to do. Im seriously considering taking my life , or making it look like an accident. Either way i am so sad.
hello , im 17 and have just been permanently excluded from my school. As I resat year 10 , im already a year behind and now I am unable to join another school and have no qualifications to my name. I've been feeling really depressed for the last few months but it really started years ago because of school etc. These last few weeks I've been feeling really suicidal , and I attempted to kill myself at the start of the year . Now I've been kicked out of school , I'm a huge failure and I'm really scared about what might happen to me in the future. I've let everyone down and my mum most importantly, who has paid so much money for my education for the last 6 years. This is my first time using reddit And I haven't come on here for sympathy or anything I don't even deserve that for what I've done to mum, I just wanna talk to a few people who can tell me what I can do , I'm not really close to any of my friends anymore too so I have noone to talk to. thank you
I'm not in a good place right now. I'm shaking and my head is throbbing and achy from crying so hard. I got sent home from work because I had a mental meltdown in the bathrooms and I don't know who else to talk to. Best friend/girlfriend isn't talking to me and my other friends are busy  and I just really need someone right now. I can't do much in the way of hobbies or distractions at the moment because I'm in the process of moving and don't have much to do here and tv can only do so much. Please? I'm too scared to kill myself right now but I'm more scared that it'll change and next thing you know I'll be sitting on a railroad waiting to be put out of my misery.
im 16, 17 in march. have my hsc year 12 exams in 7 months (Australian final high school exams before university). i genuinly believe im going to fail. many people in my school will do worse, sure, but their parents and family dont care. my dad, he's been an over-achiever his whole life. he went and earned 3rd dan hapkido black belt at age 20 and then went to japan for his degrees. he has 4 degrees and he's microsoft, cisco and a few others fully certified, he even taught at a tafe for a few years. i simply cant do anywhere near his level. all my cousins, they've gotten above 70 atar (the ranking, 99 being the top). one got 94 another 74 and i cant even think of getting close. im utter shit at math, barely can do timetables, it just goes over my head and thats what would of got most of my ranking. on top of me contemplating killing myself just before the exams so i dont humiliate my entire family and myself, im being forced to quit the one thing im genuinly enjoying right now - mma. i know this all sounds like a retarded ass reason to even contemplate ending my life over but i dont know what to do. im good with computers i guess, been building them since i was 12 and know virtually every tiny single peice to do with them but to even get a career in that, id need a high enough atar to even get into a university to do some stem degree. sorry for the shit formatting and no grammar. thanks guys <3
I really want to kill myself. I have those thoughts nearly every few minutes of the past few long months. I feel that my parents have an extremely high amount of pressure put on me by making me try to get an amazing job and pressuring me so hard. Because of this if I get a single failing grade I feel completely worthless because I won’t be able to achieve what my mom slams into my head. My dad is almost not there, comes home at 7 and I barely see him considering a divorce between my parents. So it’s mostly my mom. I love her and all but it’s just really hard and I cant say anything cause she seems insensitive. I almost pierced my arm with a fucking dull pencil out of anger because of how much she causes me to want to commit suicide. I just want it to get better. I don’t see a good future for myself because I see no one else enjoy their lives. What’s the point in growing up working a 9-5 job to come home being bored and tired? That or working a good but demanding job and being even more tired. I don’t know, I just don’t see the point in trying to push myself forward.
My thoughts are getting the better of me once again, I've been on the strugle for far too long. Everyday is a battle and I feel like my life is basically just postponing suicide. At this point every slight inconvenience just makes me go crazy and wish I was dead. I'm so weak to the point I can't handle any issue and I can't solve shit. My mental health is so wasted it's starting to affect me physically. All I wish was that I could end it in a way that looked like an accident. My parents pay for therapy and really try to help me but still I'm so fucking useless I can't improve. They are the only reason I'm still here and I absolutely don't want to hurt them.
I've (M20) been with my gf (F21) for 3 years, three happy years. A year and a half in I started falling for her sister (F20) but never lost any feelings for my girl. I held it in and didn't tell anybody because I didn't feel the need to act on it and I'm happily in love with my girlfriend. 2 weeks ago I got really jealous over her sister and another guy, which had never happened before so I decided I have to come out about it. I told my girlfriend, and somehow she understands and wants to work through it. We might take a break soon, we dont know yet. But my whole point of this post is I'm extremely suicidal, I was suicidal before coming out about it and thought that being open would help. But it hasn't, at all. I'm worse, I hate myself for feeling this way, for hurting her, and i don't want to be suicidal, I never have been before this, but the thoughts just keep coming and I don't know how to stop them other than to get high (yes I know that isnt a healthy way to deal with this but I dont know any other way to stop the thoughts). Please help me
They kicked me out of the house when I was 16, because I got a C on a test in school, so I went to live with my grandparents for a while. Thats where stuff got little bit better but ofc, I was finally happy so it was the time for my parents to force me back home. When I was 18 I left and moved to a different country and started going to college. Finally I was free from my parents and started to make some friends. After some time I started doing drugs and got myself kicked out of school. I ended up with no money, no place to go. I ended up moving back to my home country to my parents place, thanks to my sister. I spent 5 horrible years there, wanting to kill myself every single day and being ridiculed of that by my stepdad. The only thing that kept me going was that one day I will finish university, move away and never come back. Now I have finished school, moved away and work in IT. Its not getting any better. I have nothing to live for. I have never known love. I have never had REAL friends. Nothing excites me and the only time I was really happy was when I was high. I try to be strong but every morning I wake up and I want to end this pathetic life of mine. It feels like there is nothing that could ever change.
i wasn't supposed to be born. everything hurts in this life, sometimes more and sometimes less but an aching nonetheless. i know i wasn't supposed to be born. and i always knew i was going to die early. so i tried to make peace with it. sometimes when i try to meditate, brief flashes of where my life now is traced and where it is headed make the chest pain feel new. so many things i allow myself to ruin in conscious knowledge of it being a deliberate attempt to deepen my mental imprisonment and drive me to commit suicide. things that are supposed to give me peace or joy have exhausted their temporary effects on my deteriorating brain. i am no longer a human being anymore. to imagine a life in this invisible torment is no life at all. how badly i pray to Creator to take me home, i pray every night not to wake up. If i could give my life to a kid with cancer right now i would give anything. i am a living dead. i feel the same suicidal i did a year ago. i am crawling out of my skin. i don't know how much longer i can fight. i can barely stay awake anymore. i am stuck in the past. i can find nothing to hold onto. all i can see in my mind is my funeral and the ways i can get there
Hi im 15 right now. I just hate myself during the school day i don't talk to people i forget what my voice sounds like. I do this because i just feel like when i talk i never say the right and i always offend or hurt someone. I feel lonely and just want hope that i will find someone that would love me in the future but i look at myself and realize i don't have any chance of that. People say i should have a higher opinion but the people who say that don't know what its like to look like me. I look at the world around me and i don't see any hope there. Global warming and all the shit that has happened in 2020 so far. I feel like no matter how much i will try i will fail. The stuff i want to do like YouTube and drawing i suck at. I cant draw at all and when i do draw something i hate it. I sound like a 70 year old man so i cant even record myself also to even get equipment for stuff like that is impossible. I want to go to college and be a marine biologist but every time i mess up in school  i feel like i have failed my chances of going. I feel bad and then i read stuff from other people directed towards people like me who feel bad all the time saying stuff like how im suffering is not even that bad or something and then it makes me feel terrible for feeling bad so then when i feel bad for reading that it gets worse than i see something like that again and its like a cycle of self abuse. I want to do things but after a long day of trying my best to get the best grades im mentally and physically worn out and i will get home with no energy. I hear people stories about being an adult and feel like i have no chance of succeeding in life. The only thing that is keeping me from ending it is because of how it will affect my family and my dogs.
I've been staying with my sister for last month and have been helping out as much as I can. we were really close and I've always been there for her and she has always helped me. I did anything she asked me to picked up the kids from school. I always kept the house cleaned. Well I finally got a job last week and I finally felt like my life was getting better. I haven't been home much to clean up and stuff because I've been working. She asked me to pick the kids today but I couldn't because I had work and I didn't want to be late. Next thing I know she texting me telling I have to leave and go back to Florida Because her landlord said there can't be more then two adults there. My mom doesn't have a place for us yet down. The whole reason I came up there was because we got evicted. I don't why she doing this to all of sudden. I'm always respect to her and husband. They were like my second family. This hurts so much for her to do this I think it might be her husband but idk. I'm 19 and have been evicted a billion times because of my mom. She was also the one who wanted me up here in the first place. I'm feel like about die just can't take this anymore. I try to get myself on track and stuff just keeps happening.
Last week, there was a glint of hope. I had everything prepared. The chemicals, the isolated room, the silvertape with rubber to stop the toxic fumes from affecting someone else, but there was a glint of hope. A glint of "Everything will be okay. You won't have to suffer that much". And I see today that it was stupid of me to believe in that. Things are dark because things are dark. Life isn't fair and I should shut up and do it or stop complaining. And yet, here am I again. Complaining about being raped as a child and a teenager, about having a mother that beat the shit out of me until I was too big for her and she was too afraid of me. A mother that once told me that she was "ashamed of spreading her legs to your father and you being born". And an absent father. A father who robbed me of my money and   me into a poor fuck. A father made debts in my name. Fuck. I hate this life. Beauty is like trying to grasp a rainbow. Love is trying to grasp the reflex of the moon in a pond. I tried. I really tried. But I'm tired. I'm tired of it all. I'm tired of being hauled here and there. I don't see an acceptable outcome for my life. Sorry. Sorry for everything. I'm sorry for being born. And I'm sorry for posting this here. I'm sure you have it worse than me. I'm just too tired to keep going in. I'm taking a shitload of diazepam with booze right now. No, it's not a suicide letter. It's not going to kill me. I'll just sleep. My body is preposterously resilient. Farewell. I'll be here, complaining again, like a Marmieladov. Sorry.
i feel so done with life. i’m in my early-mid 20s with no job experience and living with a parent. nevermind i do actually have experience, i held a job down for a full hour before having a panic attack and walking out. i feel so hopeless, i can’t take care of myself with my crippling anxiety and depression. i don’t go to therapy because i can’t afford the gas money to get there. so i don’t think i’m going to be accepted for any type of ssi or disability. every bill is past due, they have turned my internet off multiple times, and they have turned the water off today, seemingly for a good long while, and showering is how i cope with my anxiety..  i don’t have friends, just one. and i don’t have family. i don’t even understand the concept of family. my future is me ending up alone when my parents die and become homeless and resort to killing myself. i would love to kill my self right now so i don’t have to live through the torture anymore, but my anxiety keeps me alive. i hate it. i don’t want this life anymore.
Lived in this shit third world country for too long, my education is shit and my life is horrible here. My plans to immigrate asap failed and I can't make it to 2021 like this. I think I'll set a date for the end of the year. I'm done. Nobody gives a fuck (and please don't come at me with that 'sure I do! I care! Your abusive asf family that idk anything about cares!!!!!!') and I'll be one less worthless human. I'm not going to accomplish anything here, so I am just going to end it all. I wish I could do it soon, but I want to give myself a chance to try again to immigrate. If I can't, I'll end my life.
I dont want to be here anymore. I cant tell if half of the time im hungry or hurting. I feel so worthless and useless. My boyfriend left me out of nowhere, 1 day and a half before my birthday. I dont want to live anymore. I work and go to school. Thats all i do. I feel disgusting, i feel so awful. I dont want to feel like this and i dont think im ever going to come out of this alive. I want to kill myself, but im scared to do so. My sister is just entitled, and so is my brother. I just feel used. I dont know what to do anymore.
Im 15 soon 16. and I have no life. I never did have a life. I have no friends (only 2 online and 1 IRL I never leave my house and we never do anything anymore) and I have nothing to do. I dont work too. everyday I just come back home to my bored emotional flatlined ass to watch youtube videos until the next day starts. I dont know what to do cause I never worked I cant have feelings and im literally doing nothing in this world. I dont know whats the point of living if all youre going to do in life is school grow up military and work every other day. not to mention I cant have feelings cause of this stupid anhedonia emotional flatlining shit. whats the point of living if I cant even make anything from it and im only wasting my moms money. seriously idk what to do and I know all of the motivational shit and that are people in FAAAAR worse situations than me trust me I really do but I just cant. im lazy everything is boring I cant have any feelings and I just watch videos everyday to pass the time. why should I even bother to exist
I have a very important exam soon and I basically have to study all day if I don't want to fail. I had to break up with my bf because he kept distracting me but now I feel even worse. I keep checking my phone even though I know there won't be anything. I'm crying all day...I'm just a mess. Idk what to do. Even before this life was a struggle. Everything I used to enjoy is now actually painful to me. I can't listen to music, can't watch movies, can't play games. I don't know when was the last time I was able to relax.  I had depression and anxiety all my life but this is so much worse it's hard to describe. The only reason im still alive is because I don't want to be an even bigger burden on people. Funeral would cost money I don't have and my sister is pregnant so I don't want to stress her out right now. I wish I could just stop existing...
I’m 16, roughly 5’10 in height, I weigh almost 250 pounds and I struggle on a daily basis with severe anxiety, depression and I am on the autistic spectrum. I feel like my life is going nowhere. I’ve been exercising 20 minutes or so a day for the past couple of weeks and I’ve managed to gain weight because I’m such a fat ct, I had to leave school at 12 because I was being bullied so have no qualifications or GCSEs of any kind, all I do is sit on my ass and watch films all day and even when I do go out of the house, the only place I go is the cinema...to sit on my ass and watch a film! I hate myself and feel like my life will go nowhere and I sometimes believe that maybe I’m just better off not living the rest of my life and ending it now to prevent myself from dying in my 20s because I was too stupid to realise how fked my health was.
I was going to get my septum pierced this Saturday but not anymore because my grades are so bad and I’m so depressed and I need a bit more understanding of why my grades aren’t there. I’m so done and tired and they always say I’m not grateful because they send me to a private school and I’m still too fucking dumb to get good grades and I just want to die. My septum piercing was keeping me alive and gave me something to look forward to. Now life is just nothing I have nothing to look forward to and my life is worth nothing. All I want to do is die and I need some help here I just want some help and love.
But certainly resentful that I had to do that to be able to get out of bed in the morning. It also helps me find and critique the excuses I’m making to let myself off the hook for hurting and harming people who’ve been kind to me. I know firsthand exactly how destructive suicide bereavement is and I’m disgusted I’d subject others to it out of my weakness and laziness to keep fighting and beating the pain.
I'm tired of living, what more can I say? I've never been this far in a downward spiral, I feel that there is no help. I've tried talking to friends, and they just don't care/listen. In desperation I even showed them my wrists and they still don't care. I don't know what to do anymore, I put basically no effort into anything because what's the point if im not going to be alive? I'm tired of being alone. I feel so isolated. Cutting doesn't even help anymore, I have nothing. I'm not even sure if I want things to get better. I don't know what else to do. I'm just so over everything. I'm tired of putting on this act and pretending like I'm okay when I'm not. I just live in a hole of self hatred. I know I'm going to die alone and mostly I just feel numb to everything. I have to lock my gun away and lock the room they are in to just stop myself from trying, and I've tried to OD multiple times and I'm tired of it not working.
my mom came into my room and called me selfish and gas lighted me about a bunch of stuff. she said she was going to stop supporting me going to college so now i have no money to pay and no idea how to take out loans. she said i was ruining her chances for getting into heaven with all my heretic talk and i’m so scared and tired idk what to do i don’t have the money to move out and i’m about to lose my job and i don’t have a car and i just really don’t want to be alive anymore. i wish i was never born. i bet my mom wishes that too.
I've successfully ruined my entire life singlehandedly and I don't want to live anymore. I've lost ALL of my friends with is no exaggeration... I have absolute no friends. I had an amazing job and was kicking ass in school to advance more, but ended up fucking that up, getting fired and kicked out of school. Meanwhile, I lost custody of my son, I fought so hard for him and I got fucked.. I've seen him once since June and it kills me every single day. I had a relationship but apparently I can't just be completely open and honest and that fell apart, I cheated on him with someone because my living and financial situation wouldn't allow me to just up and leave, the guy I cheated with was amazing, the guy I cheated on finally started caring and my dumbass couldn't make a decision and now I lost them both cause I'm a shitty person. I lost my job last week, which means losing my place by the end of this week. My car it's probably getting repoed any day now. And to to it off I found out I'm pregnant, obviously I am in NO position for that, so needless to say I'm getting all abortion, which I'll inevitably have to deal with all alone. I've hit the rock bottom of rock bottom. My boyfriend, or ex I guess, kindly pointed out a very detailed list of all the ways I'm fucked up, as a mom, as a wife, girlfriend, daughter, friend, my sexuality is apparently very unhealthy and fucked up, pretty much everything he said was kinda true, and converted basically every aspect of my life..
My wife left me last year after 23 years she was my everything!! My son 21 and I are left without her in another country 2000 miles away!! She was the love of my life my everything!! I've suffered from depression for years and now I'm at an all time low! I grieve her everyday the pain and the tears wont subside she has cut all contact with me and I can't cope without her!! I have health issues diabetes and heart and now my career seems to be coming to an end?? Very soon I will face the prospect of having no wife no work no home bad health no future!! I've lasted this long for the sake of my son!! Every night I pray not to wake up! Everyday is a nightmare I'm so so sad so weary!! My wife took my future dreams she has been unbelievably cold and uncaring towards me!! My mental health is beyond poor as is my normal health! Now my work is ending I have no money to support my son and I! Within the next couple of months i shall be homeless in a foreign country with little or no prospects of work? I then face a trip back to my own country where I will be homeless and jobless!! My whole life is a total disaster and I still cry for my wife daily!! I'm out of options out of time! I'm scared stiff at the thought of killing myself but I really really don't want to be here anymore I can't cope with all the pain and the sadness!! 5 years ago I had a life saving triple bypass that's when things started to go wrong with my wife?? She said she became my nurse?? Why in hell was I saved to now be faced with all this! I really can't see anyway forward?? xx
idk what to do anymore. I am the head of my household, the only one that cleans, the only one that gives a shit at my job. I'm tired of being the responsible one while everyone else fucks off. my roommates and I have the same shit going on but I'm the only one that seems to care and im tired of it. I wish I didnt have people that care about me or depend on me to pay the bills. like I know that I have so much to live for and I do see big things for myself in the future but I dont wanna get there. I just wanna end this suffering lol. the only reason I havent killed myself already is because of my cats. who would feed them and love them if I'm gone. but it's just not worth the suffering anymore. ik prob nobody is gonna even read this but idk what to do.
I know that this is probably the most pathetic post you're going to find here, but whatever. So, I've bought a rope and I planned to try to hang myself today after school. Unfortunately, my parents have found the rope. So when they saw that I was in awful mood in the morning, they decided that it'll be better if we go to a doctor. I've attempted suicide earlier and I got into a hospital because of it, so now I'm taking antidepressants and talking to a doctor every so often. And honestly, it doesn't help all that much. They actually only gave me much more stress and I felt only worse afterwards, but I can't even kill myself without a suspicion now. I could probably at Monday, tho. I might actually try, if I won't chicken out. But for now all what I can say is that it's not possible to even kill myself nowadays. Great. I don't know what to do with my life, I don't see a point in suffering through it, there's nothing but problems ahead. Sometimes I'm thinking how normal people even feel. You know, those ones who don't hate themselves and don't tell themselves that they should die and life is pointless. I'm feeling pathetic because I can't even properly harm myself. I don't know what to do. I'm sorry for typing this. Have a nice day.
My note is written out, though I’m not sure who will read it. I’ve been living in my car and my service for my phone will be shut of soon as I was kicked out by my parents. My friends have all shunned me, but that’s to be expected when you live in a small town and everyone knows everybody. My best friends are my enemies and my enemies are my worst nightmares, they see me at the park doing the last bit of homework I can and they sneer because they know I have no home to go to. I’m running out of money to wash my clothes with and the community shelter is starting to get mad that I’m taking showers there every morning. I’m not trying to steal resources, I’m not, but I can’t convince them of that.
I’m really emotional and tired right now so I’m sorry if this is difficult to read, I’ve been crying on and off uncontrollably since yesterday evening and it’s 5am now. I was in the bath tub last night and trying to figure out the easiest way to do it and it kinda scared me how easily I realized I could do it. Noose, too much effort, wouldn’t be able to kick a chair, not sure if I want to be found like that. Pills. Comfortable but I don’t want to vomit all over myself. Like yeah I’ll probably shit myself when I’m dead so it won’t matter I’ll be dead anyway, but I have dignity. Jump off building or onto train track, no, Again, I don’t want my body destroyed. Razors, ding ding ding, don’t know why I didn’t think of that sooner, I’ve been a cutter since I was 13 anyway, would just have to go a little deeper on a different angle and I’d be done. I keep imagining myself laying in a bathtub of fucking blood and idk if it is the most content thing in the world or terrifying.
I finally decided to end my life the only thing left is to decide how. Ive had depression all my life however the last year or so (especially recent month or two) have just pushed me to my absolute limit and once my life finally started to seem like it was getting back on track slowly but surely I feel it's all for nothing which this fucking corona virus that is getting worse and worse by the day. Im poor/jobless and my family I live with who are much older and susceptible to dying to it if it spreads here (already two confirmed cases) who will never take it seriously though not like it would matter since we're too poor to stock on supplies incase it gets even worse... And thats not counting  everything else that happened last year with my physical health and my struggle that is american healthcare system or my life in general, im so tired, im so done, ive already made one attempt that failed last week, this time I intent to succeed.
ever since the discovery a few weeks ago that i’m a system i can’t handle it. the persecutor we have only wants me to kill my self and he’s going to get what he wants one way or another so better sooner than later. this is going to hurt a lot of people and i don’t care because this isn’t about them. i deleted my discord tonight so i don’t get tempted to ask for help. i’m writing all of my letters and giving them out tomorrow. tomorrow night i will be dead. i’m hanging myself in my room and my mom will most likely find me when she wakes up and realizes i’m going to be late for school. i’m never going back to school after tomorrow. xo the apollo system
onto why im asking for advice on what to do. i want to die again, and its just getting worse. i keep having thoughts about killing myself daily now, and i just want it all to end. the thing is, when im thinking straight, i dont want to die. it would make that a few people sad, and i would do anything in the world from making those people sad. i want to live a long and fulfilled life, but i just dont know if ill able to handle life any longer. i dont think ill be able to decide on my own what to do, and i know if i do make a decision i wont follow through on it without someone expecting me to actually follw that decision. so im asking, should i tell this person about my thoughts and/or should i ask for therapy or are there any alternatives?
For numerous reasons I'm done with being here.  I don't want to live to see 26 and I just want to enjoy the rest of the time left to me.  I don't even cry anymore when I think about it, only when my thoughts turn to the ones I'm leaving behind.  I have a very close friend, we met in December and I think finding out I killed myself or personally telling him about my plans would destroy him.  We are all each other has for support.  Is it selfish and wrong for me to be close, and spend time with someone, to just want a little companionship before I go?  Should I break the friendship off now?
Yet with all of this, I don’t want to kill myself. I think all the time about killing myself but always subconsciously convince myself not to. I don’t know what to do and I’m just too embarrassed to talk about it because the last person I talked to was my closest friend at the time and they then shared it with everyone when I asked not to. Please help I don’t know what’s happening to me, I’m just living a sad depressed life but don’t have the urge to end it.
)I'm 15 y/o male that has tried to off myself 4 times, that just got my first friends since I was 9 late last year and 2 of them are like brothers to me and I also have a now girlfriend(neither if us want sex for reasons) which is a first but it just seems to be going down hill I tried already in mid December and once in early January ans just this morning I was left alone for 3 hours (rare for me since I have 11 siblings) and for two of them I sat with a 12g in my lap or to my head but couldn't because my girlfriend and my two closest friends sais they'd follow me in death and I don't want that for them, I sat with the 12g in my lap and my phone on my hand looking at a screenshot of my girlfriend crying that says "come back to me" because she wants to spend her life with me, and I just couldnt off myself
I just don't want to be a fucking slave for the rest of my life, but how can I not be? I'm never going to get an education. It's just not possible. Not doable. So how in the hell am I ever going to get into a career field based on intellectual pursuits? The fucking answer is I'm not. I just have to fucking smile about the fact that I'm still alive, despite being a wage slave, despite having no real opportunities, and I'll feel better right? Fuck all of this shit. This life feels like a race to the fucking bottom. There's no way to escape my shitty life, my shitty future. Nothing I can do to solidly, ACTUALLY change the trajectory of it. I don't even know why I post here. I'm never going to be happy with my lot in life.
I’m so fucking miserable. I’ve been struggling for the last 7 years with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. I’ve been in and out of therapy and in and out of turbulent relationships. Nobody understands me except my mom and she doesn’t even know the half of it. No matter who I’m around I always feel a pit of emptiness inside that I can’t shake unless I’m drunk or high. I prefer to be high but weed is still illegal in my state and so I have to jump through hoops to get my hands on any. I have people that I care about but I’m just so fucking tired of existing. I just want it to stop
Going into highschool I had the mindset that everything was gonna get better, I lost 60 pounds freshmen year because I wanted to start a new chapter of my life with new friends, new experiences, and just overall be happier and that’s how it went for the first two years I had partied for the first time ever and made memories that I’ll never forget. Once I neared the end months of my junior year, most of my friends had gotten in some sort of trouble that landed them out of the school but that didn’t bother me at the time since I had just gotten into a relationship with the girl I loved more than anyone and things were good but after 8 months or so I started realizing all the friends I had lost and felt lonely and I assumed it would’ve passed but the feeling grew and grew but I always suppressed it now it’s more than a year later, two months before my girlfriend and Is two year anniversary and I just broke things off because I didn’t  feel like myself anymore we fight we bicker all the time and I felt  numb I felt so secluded and lonely after those initial 8-10 months and now I’m stuck, I go to a small school with about 400 kids, I know everybody but I’m not close with anyone anymore, I’m in multiple classes with my girlfriend and many of my classes have assigned seating which makes it hard to move anywhere else as seats are primarily taken, I really don’t feel like I can continue going to class and to school and seeing her, I still have so much love for her but in my state it’s not healthy and now I feel like just ending it all
Just tired of everything me and my girl on and off going nowhere in life and I am very deep in love with her but I don’t want to be with her but I want her but I can’t make her happy and to top it all off I just hate humanity I hate everything about us all I think we are truly evil I have people who love me but in the end I don’t have any support they can’t fly understand how I feel right now my body is full of just dread it’s sapping my physical energy I feel weak when I think of me and my girl I feel weak when I think of moving on I don’t want to honestly I’ve done it before she came right back and wrapped me right back around her finger I am so lost I am so tired and sick and just really don’t want to be here I want something to make it all stop but I don’t want to leave at the same but I don’t know guess it helps to talk to strangers
So I stayed. And i told nobody what I was thinking. and I tried fighting. It went........ ok for a while. I figured if I pushed myself to the limit in school I can get a good enough education to escape this horrific place I live in. Thats all I wanted. To be free from this hell hole of a town in Canada. But the problem is that I literally am worthless and stupid. I studied non stop and obtained perfect attendance across all my years of high school. And it meant NOTHING. i barely passed most classes and all the teachers say I'm a lost cause at this point. I'm at the last year of high school and just failed the math course and I am once again being berated by every single student and teacher. How fucking pathetic of me. These last 4 years have been a  waste of my time. I should have done it long ago. I see now that it's not that they all win. Its that they were right. I'd rather be dead than to spend the rest of my life in this horrific town anyways. The only thing stopping me right now is that i don't know how I'm gonna do it.
I don’t understand what the point of living is if you spend the first 18 years of life in school which totally ruins your self confidence and then go on to work 9-5 and have like 4 hours to yourself, that’s no life and sure I plan on getting a job that I like but I still would be working most of the day and would have little to no me time. I just don’t understand what the point of living is if you wake up to same day everyday knowing that will be the rest of your life, ending that early seems rather appealing to me not to mention that life right now Is a living hell for me and I genuinely just want to die. For my own please could you guys tell me things you all look forward to in life or enjoy, things that you find living for worth it
I know many of you come on to this subreddit feeling hopeless and lost. It is a completely valid feeling for one to have when nothing else in their life is going right. I just recently made an account and I’m not really sure if this is the right subreddit to post this on but I think it might help a little to share my story with others who are struggling. My heart feels broken for all of the people coming on to this subreddit feeling hopeless and lost. I know the feeling better than anyone and I hate to see others have to take on the same pain. A little over a year ago my best friend killed herself while I was asleep. I could have done something. If I stayed awake with her that night she would be alive. If I stayed with her by her side maybe she wouldn’t be gone. I told myself these things for too long. I come on to this subreddit and tell myself the exact same things. Please, please, think of the people like me in your life who look forward to seeing you every single day. Your mom, your brother your dog. Every single day is difficult without her. I have had my fair share of depression and suicidal thoughts. I understand that when you are in that mind state you are only thinking of yourself. That there’s a fog around your brain preventing you from seeing the logical. That is what scares me, so many fall victim to it. Please never forget. Suicide does not solve your problems, it passes it on to others.
If i have to talk about my past history,i could write a novel,all i can say is,i came from a broken family and i don't wanna be sent back to my country,so i really need to keep studying on school and once i graduate,i have to find a job in order to stay here at Taiwan,i would rather die than being sent back to my country,it was just that bad,and now,im on my third year in college,still useless,im just getting more and more eager to die,the urge to just jump off the bridge or jump off the railways is getting more and more stronger each day,im getting tired of living,i hope i could die sooner,i dont wanna wake up anymore,call me a fucking snowflake or can't live under a pressure or anything like that,i dont really care anymore,i am everything that what I've just said
I always dreaded school and hated every subject, I only ever studied to make my parents happy and try to convince them I was working towards my future. Despite having "friends" at school, I still always felt lonely, and would find whatever I excuse I could any time to try to miss having to go. From the moment I walked into the campus, literally all I could think about was going home, but I still coped. Then last year, I moved to a new country, new city and new school for 12th grade after having been going to school with the same people my entire life. Being in a completely new school and knowing absolutely nobody, I was more isolated than I had ever been and it was to the point where I would essentially sleep through all my classes with my eyes open. I took my old friends for granted, I thought I felt lonely and isolated back then, but no, this is what true loneliness and isolation feels like. During the second semester it got so bad I would literally fake going to school, and I failed all my classes. I would leave in the morning and then just walk 3 miles to the river and sit there and cry and listen to music until the end of the day and then go back home as if I was at school the whole day. I didn't really think it through because it didn't take more than 2 months for my mom to catch on and start forcing me to see a psychologist.
I dont know if I really want to die or if I just want to escape the hardship I'm facing because it seems like it wont ever end/wont ever lead to a worthwhile future. I know I could have it so much worse. I know I could be successful...but I want to be HAPPY. I've worked a lot on changing my mindset and am happier than I was but I'm still so sad and I still want to die. Meds and people aren't helping. My faith in humanity is lost. I'm broke, hungry, and cant find a job. I just need words of encouragement to know that I'm not crazy and that I'm going to be able to live a life that I dont dread every fucking day.
So I’m 13 and ftm, and my mom is not inherently transphobic but doesn’t want me to transition. I can’t stand my stupid hair and body, I want to cut every inch of feminine shit off but I can only cut my arms and legs. my mom told me to wait 5 fucking years to transition and I could barely wait one year if I had to, but 5? By the time I’m 5 I’ll already be everything I don’t want to be. I doubt too many people would even care to much, ironically I think my ex girlfriend would be the most upset.
Update: I went to a college today to ask about any options I have regarding taking my GCSEs, unfortunately they couldn't accept me and I have to take private exams which are too expensive as my mum is not willing to pay them. I don't have a job and have gotten all electrical devices and even my bedroom taken away from me and given to my brother. I have nothing to look forward too and even today as I was walking around I felt like everything was a distraction from what I was really feeling I just wanted to go home and cry. I don't wish this situation upon anyone its awful, waking up knowing your a failure and huge disappointment to your family who have invested everything into you. I've always tried being a nice person and this hurts me. I can't describe how awful it is walking around feeling this way I really want it to stop. If your wondering how I'm writing this with no device its because I've taken my brothers tablet , so I won't be able to look at any messages or replies until I can get it again and who knows when that could be hopefully I'm even alive by the time I can look at them
