New wiki on how to avoid accidentally encouraging suicide, and how to spot covert incitement
We've been seeing a worrying increase in pro-suicide content showing up here and, and also going unreported. This undermines our purpose here, so we wanted to highlight and clarify our guidelines about both direct and indirect incitement of suicide.
We've created a wiki that covers these issues.  We hope this will be helpful to anyone who's wondering whether something's okay here and which responses to report.  It explains in detail why any validation of suicidal intent, even an "innocent" message like "if you're 100% committed, I'll just wish you peace" is likely to increase people's pain, and why it's important to report even subtle pro-suicide comments. The full text of the wiki's current version is below, and it is maintained at /r/SuicideWatch/wiki/incitement.
We deeply appreciate everyone who gives responsive, empathetic, non-judgemental support to our OPs, and we particularly thank everyone who's already been reporting incitement in all forms.
Please report any post or comment that encourages suicide (or that breaks any of the other guidelines in the sidebar) to the moderators, either by clicking the "report" button or by sending us a modmail with a link. We deal with all guideline violations that are reported to us as soon as we can, but we can't read everything so community reports are essential. If you get a PM that breaks the guidelines, please report it both to the reddit sitewide admins and to us in modmail.
Thanks to all the great citizens of the community who help flag problem content and behaviour for us.

/r/SuicideWatch/wiki/incitement

Summary
It's important to respect and understand people's experiences and emotions. It's never necessary, helpful, or kind to support suicidal intent. There are some common misconceptions (discussed below) about suicidal people and how to help them that can cause well-meaning people to inadvertently incite suicide. There are also people online who incite suicide on purpose, often while pretending to be sympathetic and helpful.
Validate Feelings and Experiences, Not Self-Destructive Intentions
We're here to offer support, not judgement.  That means accepting, with the best understanding we can offer, whatever emotions people express.  Suicidal people are suffering, and we're here to try to ease that by providing support and caring.  The most reliable way we know to de-escalate someone at risk is to give them the experience of feeling understood. That means not judging whether they should be feeling the way they are, or telling them what to do or not do.
But there's an important line to draw here.  There's a crucial difference between empathizing with feelings and responding non-judgmentally to suicidal thoughts, and in any way endorsing, encouraging, or validating suicidal intentions or hopeless beliefs.
Anything that condones suicide, even passively, encourages suicide. It isn't supportive and does not help. It also violates reddit's sitewide rules as well as our guidelines. Explicitly inciting suicide online is a criminal offense in most jurisdictions.
Do not treat any OP's post as meaning that will definitely die by suicide and can't change their minds or be helped. Anyone who's able to read the comments here still has a chance to choose whether or not to try to keep living, even if they've also been experiencing intense thoughts of suicide, made a suicide plan, or started carrying it out.
In the most useful empirical model we have, the desire to die by suicide primarily comes from two interpersonal factors; alienation and a sense of being a burden or having nothing to offer. These factors usually lead to a profound feeling of being unwelcome in the world.
So, any acceptance or reinforcement of suicidal intent, even something "innocent" like "I hope you find peace", is actually a form of covert shunning that validates a person's sense that they're unwelcome in the world. It will usually add to their pain even if kindly meant and gently worded.
How to Avoid Validating Suicidal Intent
Keep the following in mind when offering support to anyone at risk for suicide.

People who say they don't want help usually can feel better if they get support that doesn't invalidate their emotions. Unfortunately, many popular "good" responses are actually counterproductive. In particular, many friends and family tend to rely exclusively on trying to convince the suicidal person that "it's not so bad", and this is usually experienced as "I don't understand what you're going through and I'm not going to try".  People who've had "help" that made them feel worse don't want any more of the same.  It doesn't mean that someone who actually knows how to be supportive can't give them any comfort.
Most people who are suicidal want to end their pain, not their lives.  It's almost never true that death is the only way to end these people's suffering. Of course there are exceptional situations, and we certainly acknowledge that, for some people, the right help can be difficult to find. But preventing someone's suicide doesn't mean prolonging their suffering if we do it by giving them real comfort and understanding.
An unfixable problem doesn't mean that a good life will never be possible.  We don't have to fix or change anything to help someone feel better. It's important to keep in mind that the correlation between our outer circumstances and our inner experience is weaker and less direct than commonly assumed.  For every kind of difficult life situation, you will find some people who lapse into suicidal despair, and others who cope amazingly well, and a whole spectrum in between. A key difference is how much inner resilience the person has at the time. This can depend on many personal and situational factors. But when there's not enough, interpersonal support can both compensate for its absence and help rebuild it.  We go into more depth on the "it gets better" issue in this PSA Post which is always linked from our sidebar (community info on mobile) guidelines.
There are always more choices than brutally forcing someone to stay alive or passively letting them end their lives.

To avoid accidentally breaking the anti-incitement rule, don't say or try to imply that acting on suicidal thoughts is a good idea, or that someone can't turn back or is already dead.  Do whatever you can to help them feel cared for and welcome, at least in this little corner of the world.  Our talking tips offer more detailed guidance.
Look Out for Deliberate Incitement.  It May Come in Disguise.
Often comments that subtly encourage suicidal intent actually come from suicide fetishists and voyeurs (unfortunately this is a real and disturbing phenomenon). People like this are out there and the anonymous nature of reddit makes us particularly attractive to them.
They will typically try to scratch their psychological "itch" by saying things that push people closer to the edge.  They often do this by exploiting the myths that we debunked in the bullet points above.  Specifically you might see people doing the following:

Encouraging the false belief that the only way suicidal people can end their pain is by dying.  There are always more and better choices than "brutally forcing someone to stay alive" or helping (actively or passively) them to end their lives.
Creating an artificial and toxic sense of "solidarity" by linking their encouragement of suicide to empathy.  They will represent themselves as the only one who really understand the suicidal person, while either directly or indirectly encouraging their self-loathing emotions and self-destructive impulses.  Since most people in suicidal crisis are in desperate need to empathy and understanding, this is a particularly dangerous form of manipulation.

Many suicide inciters are adept at putting a benevolent spin on their activities while actually luring people away from sources of real help.  A couple of key points to keep in mind:

Skilled suicide intervention -- peer or professional -- is based on empathic responsiveness to the person's feelings that reduces their suffering in the moment.  Contrary to pop-culture myths, it does not involve persuasion ("Don't do it!"), cheerleading ("You've got this!") or meaningless false promises ("Trust me, it gets better!"), or invalidation ("Let me show you how things aren't as bad as you think!").  Anyone who leads others to expect these kinds of toxic responses, or any other response that prolongs their pain, from expert help may be covertly pro-suicide. (Of course, people sometimes do have bad experience when seeking mental-health treatment, and it's fine to vent about those, but processing our own disappointment and frustration is entirely different from trying to destroy someone else's hope of getting help.)
Choices made by competent responders are always informed by the understanding that breaching someone's trust is traumatic and must be avoided if possible.  Any kind of involuntary intervention is an extremely unlikely outcome when someone consults a clinician or calls a hotline. (Confidentiality is addressed in more detail in our Hotlines FAQ post). The goal is always to provide all help with the client's full knowledge and informed consent. We know that no individual or system is perfect.  Mistakes that lead to bad experiences do sometimes happen to vulnerable people, and we have enormous sympathy for them. But anyone who suggests that this is the norm might be trying to scare people away from the help they need.

Please let us know discreetly if you see anyone exhibiting these or similar behaviours. We don't recommend trying to engage with them directly.


Reminder: Absolutely no activism of any kind is allowed here. Any day.
If you want to recognise an occasion, please do so by offering extra support to those who've asked for it, and by being a good citizen of the community, mindful of our tips and guidelines.
Edit:  In response to multiple requests, I'm adding a definition of activism here:  "campaigning to bring about political or social change".  That's straight out of the OED, we aren't making any special interpretation of it.  But since people seem to have difficulty knowing what we mean, any post that is primarily about raising awareness or changing perceptions is activism according to the dictionary definition and thus a violation of the community rules.


Someone help me
Tbh,I kinda feel very sorry for myself. Idk why,I just don’t believe it tbh. Until the end of the day I said today’s my birthday to someone else and everyone then said happy birthday,but it’s worthless to me now. I got surprised with cake and some gift cards but they personally didn’t make me happy. Yes I was happy but it just...idk just made me feel worthless sometimes. I got a reason why...I’ve done some bad in my life and they accept me for that,they don’t accept me as a friend,they only accept me as a weirdo and a annoying loser. I’ll accept my fate and be a statistic after all. I have ambitions that are not good and aren’t that ambitious at all....so yeah.I need motivation and training. ☹️


A self loathing poem/ suicide note, that I wrote when I was waiting for the train to commit suicide, but when the train did come, I froze and was not able to do it, I felt so powerless and scared, and then I saw this note and felt embarrassed about how dramatic it was, life is an unbearable routine
Another day has passed,
another dream collapsed,
another spell is cast,
but this desert, it seems so vast.
A life spent in the search of meaning,
might turn out to be an empty book,
whose pages aren't worth turning.
From beginning until the end,
in all my searching, I could find,
that every desire I cooked up in my mind,
and every wish that filled my eyes with fire,
were just a string of bad decisions,
that has painted my inescapable past,
and every emotion that I've come across,
ran away from me so incredibly fast,
and the only one that turned up in the end,
is this overbearing stillness, that has occupied my mind.
But now.
The time has come,
for me to overcome,
this struggle, that is life,
and put an end to my internal strife.
From beginning until the end,
I've realized all my searching was just to find,
the perfect last words,
to justify, me bidding adieu to this world.


Im sorry, please.
attempting to kill myself failed , yet the reaction i got from everyone around me made me feel like a fucking monster. I dont get it. Im so sorry im horrible and im sorry that im selfish as you said i am. i feel so guilty and nothing can ever fix my doings. i never wanted this, i just felt so fucking unwanted and unloved . I felt so alone. It was unbearable. and my anxiety was so horrible. and it made me cause so much problems to everyone i love. Especially my s/o. and i know it was never a fucking choice, i fucking get it and im so sick and tired of hearing that. I just wanted someone to tell me everything was gonna be alright , i wanted someone to tell me im gonna be okay. I wanted to feel loved. I wanted to be listened to without making others feel horrible and tired of me. ugh. but that all doesn’t matter right. cause im so selfish and horrible for it. i wanna cry on someone. I wanna be hugged. I wanna be caressed. I wanna be okay. I wanna be full of hope. But all im stuck with is me promising to be better and promising to never hurt myself again and me crying my eyes out and saying how so sorry i am. which i am. Im so sorry. please forgive me.


Talk about a curveball...
Today (1/30) at 5:15 PM, my mother suddenly passed away while I was at school. With this happening, I no longer have any parents. As I type this, I'm not as emotional as I thought I'd be. I guess it may be shock? Regardless, my mind is going at a million miles per hour right now... I'm in college and now my mother will never see me graduate from a 4-year college, move out of the house, or any other life achievement. I'm not sure if I can continue... I loved her so much.


I’m going to kill myself tonight,I’m done with it all.
I can’t take life anymore, goodbye.
Just for context I’m a transgender teen, I hope you don’t mind.
First point, my family are incredibly transphobic and I won’t be able to transition until I move away.
And then even if I can start I need an all clear from a therapist,(1 year minimum) then after that 2 years hrt (where I live) wait time then another year for surgery list then another few years on that list for actual surgery.
So that’s around a decade to get where I want.
Next point, My best friend who is probably the only reason I have been able to cope isn’t allowed to contact me until they can move away.  (Probably 3-5 years)
I have nowhere to go to transition.
Goodbye everyone.


I could die today and nobody would miss me
My family wouldn't miss me, my dad's abusive, my friends don't care about me anymore, and there's a bottle of painkillers on the other side of the trailer. Only thing stopping me is that I wanna die quicker than that. Hell, you guys probably won't say anything either. An "oof" at best.


Nobody can help me
I can't keep living anymore.
I lost my only friends because I was toxic and vented to them too much.
I don't have a personality other than being mentally unstable.
Nobody will diagnose me with any mental health condition (doctors, psychiatrists and psychologists all didn't diagnose me).
I'm extremely suicidal but have no way of killing myself, just razors in my room for self harm.
I've been sent to the emergency room numerous times a few years ago for suicidal thoughts and what not.
They just sent me home after waiting for hours.
I just want it to end
Death is the only certainty in life and I need it but I can't get it.
Please tell me how I can die


throwaway - I plan on jumping off a car park today.
I've been depressed for about 17 years now and while I've mostly been able to control it, 2019 was an incredibly tough year for me. Now I am at the verge of losing my job, being evicted, and a credit score that will take most of the next decade to rebuild. My life insurance plan is vested and will cover the suicide so my wife will be cared for financially.  The car park is about 10 stories tall and I hope to god that it's  quick.


Living feels so exhausting
Just eating, sleeping and maintaining a proper hygiene is already so overwhelming at times let alone all the responsibilities


suicide note but i can’t go five words without using bad jokes as a coping mechanism
yeehaw i have finally given up even though i have a perfectly good life and am grossly ungrateful for all the things my parents have done for me :) my doctor guilt trips me and i can’t talk to anyone about how i really feel because then i feel bad about making them feel bad woohoo!!!!! i’m gonna make a shit ton of mac n cheese and then eat all of it and take all of medicines at once!!!!!!!! if you take your depressants for adhd and your stimulants for depression at the same time your brain takes a screenshot haha anyway sorry to my dogs because they’re gonna be really sad and they won’t know why i’m gone and that’s kinda sad but like i don’t have any friends that will really miss me anyway peace lol


I’m having Oreos as my last meal
I have an eating disorder and I haven’t had my favourite food, Oreos in months because I can never stop myself from eating the whole container. But tonight I’ll eat the whole container and die happy


I was so close
Tonight I couldn’t sleep. The past week my ideation has completely taken over. Last night I took a handful of pills and alcohol. I woke up fine but disappointed. Idk who I am anymore this week. Tonight I got drunk again and tied a noose. There’s nowhere strong enough or high enough to get the job done so I tied it to the bathroom door. Using my body weight to do the work I collapsed after just 10 seconds I believe. It kinda shook me and I’ve never felt so pathetic and useless. It’s 6 am and I haven’t slept in 2 days, maybe sleep deprivation will help me be a bit more successful this time


I have nothing, why can't i find relief. Tell me how.
I have no home that i can feel comfortable in. I have no money, DON'T TELL ME ABOUT ANY ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS. I HAVE NOTHING!!!!!!
This might get lost. I'm not from a 1st world country where there are many aids. If so, i would have taken it. I'm stranded, i can't afford anything on my own. I can't afford an education, which i want so badly.  It's not about "wanting to kill myself". It's about finding relief. Every moment is torture for me. It hurts. I just want a way to contain less space. Just tell me how. Really, i don't want to do this anymore.


Why are we forced to work?
Anyone who isn't a worker bee is deemed useless to society. I just wish I could settle somewhere and watch life go by.  But I'm so pathetic i wouldn't even want to work towards finding food.


I'm starting to think that suicide is the best option.
Backstory: I grew up with my family picking on me so I developed major anxiety.
During my high school years I was out a lot drinking and smoking. I decided it was a good idea to do LSD and it truly was. I gained so much information and got what I had asked for (i.e. purpose of living, what it means to be human) but because of this I felt so happy and content with life like I had a reason to be alive and enjoy every second.
I then got into an abusive relationship (sexually,physically,mentally) and it really killed me. Completely erased my passions (painting, hiking, etc) and left me with not knowing who I am anymore.
Eventually got into another relationship that led me to having a baby! Keep in mind I was still recovering and very well traumatized from previous relationship. I tried everything to keep positivity in me. My boyfriend was very positive and much more better person. But it was hard to believe so and trust after that abusive one.
Because of this I had depression all pregnancy and was left with PPD (post partum depression) all I thought about was killing myself because I find it hard to believe that things are good anymore. That itll be abusive That my current boyfriend doesn't mean what he says and isn't such a good person after all.
All this thinking led me to have panic attacks after panic attacks and it made me lose my own identity completely.
I had lost who I was. I dont know what to do anymore. I feel like I'm better off dead than be alive. I'm not depressed. I feel more like I dont belong here. I actually believe that maybe if I'm dead I'll be in a better realm. Live my own paradise and be happier there.
[Sorry for the very lost post, I genuinely think I need help but I dont know if I'll even accept it. I'm just struggling with my own identity and what I truly want. I dont want to kill myself knowing I'll leave my baby behind...]


Can't wait to die so badly. Just wanna die
I’m Hurting
As I’m writing this, a friend of mine is currently in a medically induced coma as a result of his suicide attempt. His life expectancy is low. Many of my brothers here are in pain as well. All I want to do is to help them and lift them up. And I can do so little but to pray and be with them. I hate that. I know this helplessness can’t compare to the pain and heartbreak his family is feeling, but it is a weight nonetheless, and I just wanted to share it.
Addendum: I’m in college, it was in his dorm Wednesday night.


Too afraid to do it
Lmao oops
So last night I said fuck it and decided to chug down like 5 ibuprofens with a shot of tequila and I’m surprised I’m not dead especially I did it with the intention to kill myself but all I got was a bad stomachache and drowsiness. Well here’s to another day of suffering  after I tried committing suicide for the second time in my life


My boyfriend is suicidal, but doesn’t want to go to therapy, and I’m at a loss as to what to do. Anything helps.
Hey all, as you read from the title, my boyfriend (16M) is having intense suicidal thoughts, harms himself, and has become increasingly more suicidal than when we first met.
I am 15, male, and he is my first boyfriend, so I’m not exactly an expert in terms of helping him, but I’ve tried to let him know how much I care, but nothing seems to work. I’ve told him to talk to professionals, but he either will deny doing it or change the conversation.
To be honest, I have no idea what to do. I’m getting desperate at this point, I really like the guy and want to be with him, but I’m so worried about his mental state it’s taking over my normal life and it’s starting to affect me. Anything helps, thanks.


Found out my method it's not as effective as I hoped
Hi, due to my record of attempts I had to think of something else that would be effective but still obtainable.
I did some research and cases similar to this type of suicide have only a 60ish% of fatality.
I don't want to be bed ridden for life, don't want to live this life, a worse conditioned one would be worse.


I want to not wake up.
Money is tight. I'm transgender and my dad doesn't care and refuses to tell my mom because of "her health", but will disown me nevertheless. I don't know why I care: I'm over 40 and live with my wife and kids. I love them, but my wife is so stressed out about money and work and deserves better. The greatest shame is I won't see my kids grow up.
I've thought about ending it before, but this is the first time I have a plan. I can't deal with this anymore and just want to sleep and never wake up. I hope my death looks accidental. Insurance will really help my family right now.


Fastest way to kill your self or easiest way to
Just looking for some answers


Need help.
13 year old boy here, and I have no idea what to do with my life right now.
My suicidal thoughts started in Year 7 (6th grade) and I really don’t know how to escape them. I’ve never acted on my thoughts, the most I’ve gone to is bringing a knife to my bedroom.
I want to off myself because of a number of reasons;
Crippling self-esteem issues,
I don’t know if anyone even likes me,
I don’t think anyone would care if I died, except my family,
A stupid one, but I have a crush on a girl which I’m sure ignores me and doesn’t care about me,
Don’t want to self-diagnose, but possibly depression.
I’ve tried to seek help from Childline, but they were absolutely no use. I talked to my sister about my problems, but nothing really came of it.
I want to bring it up again, but I’m too embarrassed to talk about it.
Please help.


Death is a blessing
The petty human struggles, social game, physical hardship, grief, and unbridled optimism the "fortunate" amongst us exhibit as well as unbearable suffering and absurdity of existence; it's one big cruel cosmic joke ... I wish I was never born then I wouldn't have to live with grief, regret, pain and eventual death. Death will take us all back to that blissful state of non-existence ...


A way to say goodbye to people without raising any red flags?
I can't go about killing myself before doing so. I'm really set on doing this and I definitely don't want to put attention on it but I want to say goodbye to the amazing people that made my life bareable. I owe them all the appreciation they deserve


Depression is hitting me deeper than I thought, trying to stay strong but I want to die so bad
I can’t take it anymore. I’ve been suffering for years. None of my friends and family know it. Heck, some of them would always talk about their other friends or family members with mental health problems but little did they know I’m suffering. Due to severe bullying in the past I was put into a mental hospital during highschool and university. My parents don’t know. They thought I went on vacation with friends. When reality was, I was trying to keep my mental health in tact.
I’m hiding it. No one knows. Outside surface I’m pretty happy. At times, I want to commit suicide. Jump off a bridge again or drown myself again.
I just want to end it all. I know life is a blessing but I can’t do it anymore. I’ve made some pretty wrong decisions. We all learn from our mistakes. But all I think about is death. When death comes, life is over. I can’t find my fucking purpose. I’m trying but I really fucking can’t.
Financially, my parents don’t help me. I work myself to the bone. I have no time for social life. Only occasionally. I’ve given up my dreams and flew back here thinking my Dad was dying. Now, I’ve lost hope. Everytime I start thinking positive again, life slaps me right back. I just want to fucking cry endlessly. I can’t take it anymore.
Nothing makes me happy anymore. I can’t even control my mind. I just want it all to end.


Hungry
I have no money for food. I spent the last of my money buying the rope to hang myself with. I'll literally die hungry. There's no getting out of this. I can't believe what my life has become. I remeber being a happy kid like it was moments ago. How did this happen


I hate my life and myself and I don't want to be alive anymore.
Everything in life is slowly getting more and more boring. The only things that I have keeping from killing myself is my friends, but the pain is gettings so unbearable that I'm scared that they'll lose the strength over the suicidal thoughts and I will end up killing myself. Although one thing that I am excited for and cannot wait for is death.


Nothing left to give, hope it all ends soon
Tonight I stood in the mirror and looked at my face covered in tears and I started to cry even more because I wish I could just end it all but I'm too scared. I feel like I can't do anything right, not even kill myself. I just feel so pathetic. It's gotten to the point where I'm too scared to open up to anyone because no one gets it. I told a friend I was feeling suicidal maybe a month ago, and she told me she couldn't "fathom" wanting to kill yourself, and that she'd "never understand". How do you explain to someone that you hate every fibre of your being, that you are disgusted by your own thoughts and personality, that looking in the mirror repulses you, that you wish you could love yourself like everyone preaches but no matter how hard you try you just can't? That hate your entire existence? How do you make them understand? The only friend who ever truly understood me cut me off completely which ate a part of my soul away and I've never recovered. It's getting too much to bear.
There was one thing I had to look forward to - I was going back to the place I lived overseas and a friend was going to come along with me. I was excited to show them around introduce them to the place that made me happier than I'd been in a long time, but due to coronavirus she cancelled her flights and now I'm going alone. I feel stupid being mad about it but I guess she values her life whereas if I caught the virus I genuinely wouldn't care because I'd just get the ending I wanted anyway. I guess I know it's not that big of a deal but it just felt like a kick in the guts, another declaration from the universe that I'm not supposed to be happy.
Yeah I just don't know how long I can go on with this emptiness and loneliness. I hope I get the balls to end it as soon as possible.


It's my birthday and I want to kill myself
Birthdays are funny because you can think back to your last birthday and realize how much worse things are now. Fuck everything. I seriously wish someone could give me a little bit of strength to just kill myself already. I don't want the strength to live. I want the strength to kill myself.


I feel like I'm out of options
Everything's going wrong, I feel like I've got no options left.
I'm supposed to be attending college right now but I couldn't even make it through the first month and I can't let my mom know because then she won't let me live with her any more.
All my attempts at finding employment have failed and just made my mental illness worse.
All attempts at getting professional help have done nothing. I was prescribed pills that just made things way worse, and all the group therapy sessions haven't helped at all. My counselor has stopped answering my calls.
I was denied disability benefits because I was told my mental illness doesn't constitute a disability.
I can't even get regular welfare without a rental agreement, and my mom rents under the table so that won't work.
I feel like I've looked into every option I have and nothing has worked. It's only a matter of time before my mom finds out I'm not enrolled anymore and kicks me out. Once that happens I have no idea what I'll do.
All my friends have left me, my family thinks I'm just a disappointment, nothing makes me happy anymore. I feel like I have to fight so hard just to keep my head above water and my life doesn't feel like it's worth all that struggle. I'm just so tired of it all, I'd rather just be dead.


Dysphoria is ruining me and now i can stop all of it.
I always have thoughts of suicide. It's not a thought that stomps on everything else, or a thought that bounces around with nothing else surrounding it.
It is like a failsafe. A last resort that my brain snaps towards. I don't think it until I hit a wall.
When I do think it however, it completely destroys me. It takes everything and everyone to some other dimension where people wouldn't care if I died.
Now I have hit that wall and can't climb up. The wall is my mother and father.
I keep slowly bringing up the idea of transitioning. She's getting better. Not at acceptances, but hiding her disgust.
I keep seeing it in her eyes. How she looks the other way with a tiny sigh. The drooping of her shoulders, the signal of defeat.
I want them to love me. But she can't love me if I am not a girl. That's okay. If she doesn't love me when I am happy, then she won't have me at all.
I am ready to end it. All I have to do is wait for them to sleep. I have a razor. I know how messy and painful it is, but I don't care any longer.
My mother always opens her mouth only to say the words that I hate. " What if it turns out you hate it?"
I hate myself, mom. I already do. I am depressed and lonely and can't look at mirrors at all.
You never noticed. I know you don't speak English, or know reddit. But I wanted to tell you that you're horrible. You don't listen yet you dont attempt to learn either.
Now you lost your daughter that never wanted to be one.
Maybe if god exists, i might have another chance.
Bye everyone. I hope not to survive.


I want to kill myself because I'm 20-year-old virgin
I have no meaning in life. I just got done playing Wolfenstein: Youngblood and realized that my life actually has no f*ckin' meaning! I've literally never done ANYTHING with a girl. Not when I was a kid, nor when I was a teen and now I'm a fully grown adult who has nothing to prove for it. I've never had a job, I'm ugly and fat. I have no friends whatsoever. I'm just going to kill myself soon. I don't know when, but it'll happen soon.... I'm ready to get my first girlfriend. Also, I hate trashy girls.


A sad soul in a numb body (vent)
I feel like Bad Ronald, a disaster, a joke, it’s hard to handle the pain. I can hear my father’s voices in my head echoing as my head keeps killing me. "You’re a looser, a joke, a disaster, an embarrassment". As I see the other teenagers sitting fairly close to me I can feel myself slowly come deeper and deeper, the pain grows stronger and stronger, God why are you suffering me like this, why are you inflicting all this pain, why can’t I be with my fellow brothers and sisters like a normal person. Why was I doomed like this why god. I pray that one day things will change, I’m like a soldier who’s lost his way, lost his comrades on a lonely deserted island. A part of me wants to scream, shout at everyone, to show you how much pain my existence holds, but I’m that honest, instead I hide it away and put on a normal face, I might seem normal but if I could I’d stick a knife up my throat right now.


Can we talk?
Useless
I feel bad
I feel sick
I feel like I want to cut
My life sucks
My parents keep arguing
I can’t be at home
My life is messed up


The overwhelming feeling of never being enough
Is creeping back in. I’ve been Swedish death cleaning. I have a little way to go. But at least when I go. There won’t be so much to deal with


i want a hug
and i want someone to care


Open letter to anyone trying to guilt trip someone into not killing themselves
"You may think nobody will care if you commit suicide, but there is going to be at least a single person saddened by your death"
I know there is people who will care once they hear of my suicide, sure. But give it a year or 2 and everyone will live their lives as if nothing ever happened. As if I never existed in the first place. I don't want to live, for to live is to suffer.
"Don't try to stay alive for others, do it for yourself" well I don't fucking want to. Bite me.
Just so some other people won't have to suffer a bit of pain for a short while, I have to suffer for decades? I know people are just trying to help, but you're only making it worse.


The Struggle of the Suicidal Hypochondriac
Combat veteran and current hypochondriac here. Ive been going through a dark time and went to the doctor because I've been having some pretty negative thoughts. Of course, they prescribed by SSRI's. Here's the bitch of it; I'm a hypochondriac and deathly afraid to take any kind of new pill or eat a new food because I'm afraid I'll have some kind of serious reaction and die. I bought some new vitamins last month and had to take them for the first time in the parking lot of the emergency room...just in case.
So I need to take this pill so I don't kill myself and die....but I'm afraid to take it because I think it might kill me. What a paradox. The shit nobody ever warns you about.


Is it ok to be fine with dying
I am ok with dying
I don’t life my live I don’t see any good reason to live but I’m not going to kill myself I’m just ok with dying
Is that normal ?


I feel so empty, why am I like this
I lost my father when I was 17. He was murdered. He was also a drug addict. We lost everything because of him. I never got an apology or an explanation and I never will. Throughout my childhood I can only really remember a handful of pleasant times. Most memories are traumatic. Drug use. Domestic abuse. It messed my mom up to the point where she cannot function normally emotionally and we have a very close but strained relationship. As a kid I've talked her out of suicide on many occasions. I've seen alot of shit that a kid shouldn't have seen and I just can't get over it. Sometimes I feel like I'm expected to just get over it already because it's been years but I can't. People tell me that just because I went through shit I can't let it define me but I can't help it? I isn't a switch that I can turn on and off. I can't stop the memories replaying over and over again and it's turned me into this overthinking paranoid pathetic idiot. I don't even know who I am anymore or who I was before the trauma. I used to just want to be happy or content but now I just don't have the will to live anymore.
I was around drugs so much that I eventually ended up taking them. With my dad and alone. After he died I just spiraled out of control. I messed my brain up. Two failed suicide attempts later. I can't go a day without thoughts of self loathing and hatred. Basically right now I just feel like my life is a mess. I've got a voice in my head telling me to either hang myself tonight or take all the pills in SO's wardrobe. I just want the voice to stop. I want to stop existing. I don't want to deal with myself anymore. I don't have any hope or want to be alive. Im the greatest pretender. Fooling everyone around me that I am OK with being alive but I'm not. I don't want to be alive. Nothing brings me joy anymore.
The worst part is that I have a beautiful amazing one year old daughter. I love her so much, even though parenthood came as a surprise. I would do it all over again for her because she deserves to be here. She deserves a full happy life. I try my best every single day to never let her see my dark side no matter what I'm going through in my head. I hide that side of me and put a brave face on. But I feel nothing inside. She doesn't deserve this messed up person in her life. Part of me feels like she will be better off without me but i also never want her to go through the pain of losing a parent. I don't know what to do, I am so broken and pathetic. I just want to die. That's all I can think about right now. I'm sorry.


I’m hanging myself in the forest my friend killed himself tomorrow... nobody wants me anymore...
My boyfriend told me I’m too sad now... that he doesn’t love me anymore... that his friends all make fun of me because of it... that he doesn’t have the compacity to care if I want to commit suicide anymore... I’m homeless now... with my baby cat.. and all we have to live in is a car... all we have is $40... some clothes... a litter box.. and his food... I have nobody... and I’m so worthless... I can’t wait to be dead.. I can’t wait to be free... I’m so sorry dave... I love you..


If I was gone, would anyone even care,
Would they? Cause I feel like they wouldn’t. I’m insignificant and small, but at the same time my presence is too big and annoying to be present. I feel like the elephant in the room. That if I were gone, people would be relieved or find it nice.


one of those days
I’m having one of those days where I really feel like if I just disappeared it wouldn’t be too noticeable, like when you feel as though there’s something missing but you can’t quiet figure out what


My therapist is leaving and I can’t cope
This was so sudden and out of nowhere. She’s been bought in as an extra counsellor at university since they needed some extra ones and she was due to leave last summer but she renewed her contract for another year.
I’ve been seeing her since last July and over the past few months she’s seen me in every state. Crying on the verge of suicide to an emotional numb person high on Xanax. She was like my mum to me and she kept me alive for so long. She got me on the road to recovery and I’ve sobered up because of her. We had an appointment today and she says she’s leaving to work at another place so this will be our last appointment. She says she’s really proud of what I’ve achieved and that I have such a bright future and so much more. I already miss her so much and I’m struggling to cope. I’ve already relapsed today but all the work we’ve done feels like such a waste. She’s going to leave me a hand written note at the office over the next few days so I’m really looking forward to reading that. The NHS didn’t help me but she was always there for me. I just can’t believe it . She’s just gone and I’ll never see her again


Life feels absolutely hopeless, the crippling loneliness only makes it worse
I’m not gonna go in detail regarding everything that I’m feeling, let’s just say I feel bad about feeling bad. I’ve been thinking about building an exit bag since it seems like a relatively smooth way to go. I can’t seem to improve no matter how hard I try, when I have the energy to try anyway. I’ve never been more alone in my life.
I did not ask to be born, I don’t take my troubles out on anybody but sometimes I feels like there’s nowhere else to go for a total burn out. The feeling of isolation reigns supreme in my life.


I want to kill myself but I don’t want to leave my dog.
Depressed
Hi im an 18 year old who's going trough a depressive episode.I've been going trough it for about 3 years now.I have an okay life
i live in a middle class house,parents have okay income ect..But i am unhappy i haven't been happy for a while.I do exracise very often,do yoga,meditate,im a med student.Im always told im very attractive.Im well manired,a gentleman basicly.I can't find a girl or friends really.I don't know why.Im a nice person,I don't fight,i don't do stupid shit.But im not stuck up i go to parites(at least i use to).In my early teens i was very popular(but not mean i was cool with everyone).But as i grew all that changed.It's not that im ungreatful for what i have.Im just well sorta lonley.People very often don't like me.I know i sound like an inconsiderent douche but im really stuggling to keep myself together.I've had suicidal thoughts for a really long time.Due to depression.Im scared to get any help cause if i tell people ussualy they think im wierd.


Having one of those days
Feeling really down today- I hate my job, I have few friends. Whenever I try to explain how I feel to those close to me, they never really seem to understand. They all think I’m joking when i say I’m tired of all the shit going on... I admit, there are people worse off than me. But no one is in my head, dealing with things in the way I deal with them. Some days I feel good, most days I feel horrible. This girl at work who I think I’m in love with barely notices me, and doesn’t really speak with me even though she says she likes me back, but she speaks with other guys who I never stand a chance against. I’m lonely all the time, no one ever wants to hang out or shoot the shit with me, I end up practically begging people to spend time with me. I know everything is all just in my head but sometimes it’s too much to see past all the shit that’s in front of me. Sometimes I think it’d be easier to just let go and be done with it. I think about suicide daily, wondering why I havn’t done it already. The only family I have is my mum so I guess I can’t do that to her after all we’ve been through together, but I can’t keep living for somebody else- I need to find reason for myself. Which is hard to do. It’s like every day, I wake up, think about that girl and how it’s never Gunna happen, think about what it is I want from life and then realize that dreams don’t come true. There is no light for me in this dark and sad world, I’ve lost loved ones so close to me, it feels like a piece of me got taken with them. I’m always sad, rarely positive. All I’ve thought about since I got to work was ‘maybe tonight is the night’ but I’m just not sure. I know that no good will ever come from being here, I know that my life is going nowhere. I think maybe one day I’ll be happy but realistically I know that won’t happen. And as for that girl, she’s really all I can think about that’s positive but then I think about how it’ll never happen and I’m kidding myself, it’s like the one light in my life at the moment isn’t really a light, I just keep trying to tell myself that it is. What do I do? How do I get better? I’m fed up with waking up everyday, being completely miserable. All of this seems so pointless to continue with. I wish I didn’t feel this way all the time, and none of my friends seem to understand that I can’t just ‘smile’ and ‘be happy’. What goes on in my head drives me to insanity, I’m not going as far to say I hear voices, but it defiantly ain’t me telling myself to end it all. Things have never been easy for me to cope with, and I tend to bottle it all up inside because no matter how hard I try to explain it, no one gets it, and I come off as a sad and pathetic lump of shit. All I want is to be understood, taken seriously and given help, all things of which I think will never happen. Anyone wanna help me feel less alone? Sometimes it’s nice to just know that others are also feeling this way, no matter where you are. Because the people close to me, just don’t understand me.


I don’t know what to say
I don’t know if it’s depression or just my already diagnosed anxiety but, I get in my head a lot and when this happens, I start to feel horrible, I just hate it it stays for days and even weeks. I haven’t felt 100 percent normal since November. I’ll think I’ve been doing good, almost fine for days at a time but I’ll be in my room. By myself, and it hits again. A downhill spiral of thoughts that drain all my energy fun and spark in my life. I hate this feeling, and am sick and tired of it happening. I love my family a great deal, my father wants to help but doesn’t know how. And my therapy only happens once a month. I don’t deserve to feel better, I deserve to feel normal again. I don’t want to get to the point where I start planning something. Someone please...


I don't think I can make my father proud.
My father just called me talking about my result. I failed two subject but it's considered heavy as it cover almost entire human system. (I'm a med student)
He truly disappointed at me. As he we're as usual. I always can't do things the right way. I'm terribly stupid and dumb. I don't know how am I able to go through this. There is too many regrets and things won't go in your favor and it will never will. And I hate myself for this.
If I am just a lump of burden, I should've choose suicide long ago. Right now I don't even know who I am. I won't suicide soon but I guess it will be earlier than expected.
Oh I wish I can just disappear just like that. Thanks for reading and sorry. Bye.


How to kill myself with co2
It's in the title. I'm going to kill myself I would obviously prefer quick and painless. I am thinking co2 poisoning. So how would I go about it. Ie where to buy how much do I need and how much will it cost. ( I don't need peeps trying to stop me or wanting to help me. my mind is made up.) sorry if this is the wrong sub. If so could u direct me to the right one.
Your all wimps none of u has any real answers for me. I came here for information and u gave me wimpy sympathy. Il just go back to drinking my self to death then. Thanks reddit u suck


Neuroticism
i feel like i don’t have any choices left other than death or a psychiatric ward 😞 please help me. i’ve been praying to god so much recently but it feels like the devil already has my soul


I want to kill myself if my girlfriend does first
Tonight has just been so shit, have been wanting to die, but during talking to my girlfriend she just stopped seeing and replying to my messages. I'm so scared that she's gone and if she is then I don't want to live anymore. I would so gladly take my life over living without her. If I don't hear from her tomorrow then I'm going to do it. She's attempted several times before and I'm just so so scared


Is it wrong to make close friends when I plan to kill myself in March?
For numerous reasons I'm done with being here.  I don't want to live to see 26 and I just want to enjoy the rest of the time left to me.  I don't even cry anymore when I think about it, only when my thoughts turn to the ones I'm leaving behind.  I have a very close friend, we met in December and I think finding out I killed myself or personally telling him about my plans would destroy him.  We are all each other has for support.  Is it selfish and wrong for me to be close, and spend time with someone, to just want a little companionship before I go?  Should I break the friendship off now?


I get to live.. Thank you! :')
Here's some background to my story
I can't believe it... Wednesday I was standing in front of the mirror in the bathroom looking looking deeply inside my eyes, thinking about this Saturday 1st of February... the day I will commit suicide. My girlfriend was at home too and she called out for me. I kind of spaced out at this moment so I didn't really answer. Suddenly she just came and hugged me from behind. She told me "Hey, I've seen how much effort you put in this. I've seen how hard it is to get a job nowadays... and I've seen how much pain it caused you. That's why I don't want you to go. Even if you don't get a contract signed by the 1st of February... I don't want you to go... I don't want to leave you. We can and will somehow make it through."
I stood there in front of the mirror, silently, without saying anything, my eyes wide open and my body completely paralyzed. I then turned around, gave her kiss and simply said "Thank you."
I never expected this outcome but things get even crazier. Thanks to a girl in my class I had a job interview at McDonald's and because she knows the boss and she told her that "He's a good guy" I will sign a job contract.
So basically my girlfriend won't kick me out and I will get a job. I'm completely baffled. Sadly I've reached a point in which I cannot say that I am happy, as crazy as that sounds this is the truth.
I would be lying if I said that I'm suddenly not depressed anymore or that I'm not suicidal anymore.. but I get to see the sun for some more days. I get to have the time to properly work on myself and maybe fulfill my dreams.
Even though I am still pretty much suicidal...
Even though I have not find happiness yet.
I get to live.
This makes me feel some positive way.
I would've never made (or survived) it without your help. Right now, out of all emotions I have or don't have right now, I feel extreme gratitude towards you people. To anyone who texted me privately, sent me messages and continuously wished the best not only for me but also for my girlfriend. To the people who commented under my post, giving me some sort of hope, giving me the courage to go on and who believed in me. To the people who texted me but I didn't have the energy nor the courage to answer. I feel extreme gratitude. I just want to tell you all thanks. Thank you for everything! If there is anything I have learned during this month of pure mental and spiritual torture, then it is that we're stronger together.
Thanks to all the strangers outhere that helped me, a strangers outhere... :')


YOU know what?
I seem to attract people with a very dark side it's a burden too the point I get this like feeling in my fucking chest and I lose productivity reading letters in books don't sound like my voice and music sounds not like the artists voice and I'm just tierd  glad I'm leaving and going home fuck were I'm at right now I'mma see my REAL friends again I'm so fucking sleepy ugh it's for the best!!! i will never open up to New faces ever again.........ps I'm  not even worth your fuckin time leave me alone.


I’m just tired
My first suicidal thoughts started when I was 11, and they grew more frequent every year. Now, I’m almost 24. I’ve spent time trying to be better to myself and everyone around me, but more than half of my life I have been uncomfortable, awkward, sad, miserable. I am so tired of having to talk myself into enjoying things. I’m tired of everything being a battle. I’m tired of putting so much effort into my happiness, only to get more sadness. It’s just been too long and I don’t want to live like this.
Some of my best friends no longer try to talk to me, and it just reinforces how displaced I feel in this world. I don’t even want to talk to my remaining friends because I dont want to burden them. I have an overwhelming feeling like it’s too late and I’ve lost my chance to be happy, idk.


About to kill myself tonight
I’m about to kill myself tonight, i dont know what awaits me tho after i die. Either way, any words?


Sleeping tablets
Before I went out with my mother to see her friend, she asked me to go grab something in the drawer.
I happened to notice the sleeping tablets in there, decided to grab some without hesitation.
Now I have four with me in my pocket. Haven’t taken them yet since we are still at her friend’s house.
Don’t think it will do any harm to me anyway,
I’m just so numb, clearly dumb.


Mother's suicidal and I don't know what to do
My mother (f48) has been dumped by her boyfriend on Christmas. She has moved countries to be with this guy as they rekindled a old flame from 25 years ago. She has since given up on wanting to live, has lost massive weight, doesn't sleep and constantly says she wants to die and has no purpose in life. I (24f) have moved in with her to prevent her suicidal thoughts but I don't know what to do. It's been a month and she's not doing any better. I fear my own mental health is deteriorating from having to console her and tell her daily she has a reason to live. What kind of help can I give her? We don't have any family so it all falls on me, she has stated if I leave she'll kill herself and I'm the only one keeping her alive currently. That's a heavy burden for a person to carry and it's wearing me down. Is there a institution I can force her to go and get help? I love her but I'm scared for my health if I stay much longer. I don't want to loose my mom and I need advice, any is appreciated.


College is agony.
Literally every moment on campus is spent in pure suicidal anger, and every moment spent off campus is spent counting down the hours until I have to go back to campus. No, I haven’t been doing homework. Yes, I’ve skipped class to regroup so that I can prepare for more hellish classes. Everyone says that college is one of the greatest experiences of your life and that you’re going to find the love of your life and make friends that are going to stay with you for the rest of your life. I am in the second semester of my senior year and I’ve made passing friends who don’t give a shit about me, and I have never, ever, had a significant other. I am bisexual and I still have never had a love experience. I push away everyone because I have a disgusting body, disgusting face, and disgusting personality. There is one girl that I think is trying to tell me that she is interested but I’m too fucking stupid to know for sure, and even if I did, I would have no idea what to do since I’m so goddamn inexperienced. I have tried Tinder, Bumble, Grindr, OkCupid, Hinge. Still too socially broken to know how those things work. I am drowning in my own loneliness. I have no reason to go on. I have not had one single experience in college that felt fulfilling. I am only still in college because the world bases your entire being around whether or not you have a college degree. I feel like I would be so much happier just working a shitty desk job 40 hours a week, because at least then I wouldn’t have to walk miles per day just to be on time to each class. My dad died of suicide. I don’t want to put my family through that again, but I don’t want to put myself through life. I am hopeless, and I am destined to die sad, broken, and alone. I am nothing but a pathetic excuse for a human and I feel like suicide is my destiny.


why am i so miserable
today my grandmas taking me and my sister to the thrift store and it’s usually my favorite thing to do and always cheers me up but i still feel so awful :-( this is one of the times i really wish i wasnt here and i feel like i will never ever be happy and im just thinking about a lot. this is the worst day ive had in a while :(


The reason i want to die is the same i cant
I'm completely shattered torn broken destroyed because of you but i still love you i know its not intentional and you're just scared. Regardless i just want to die right now i can't deal with years of this but i can't hurt you not like you hurt me. I know doing it will shatter and destroy you and i cant do that to you.


I’m a terrible student and a disappontment
I don’t want to graduate late, I had this plan of doing well and being successful in college. I’ve barely gotten any classes done and it’s my second year. I’m at 9 credits atm, and don’t plan to drop more, but still upset. I also recently applied to a university with a 90% rate, but with my transcripts they’ll probably toss it out and not even think twice. I just hate this. I feel trapped, I’m afraid to talk to anyone and I just want to end my life. I feel like I don’t belong in college even though it’s something I desperately want. I just hate myself and I’m so ashamed. Especially if anyone found out.


Thinking about ending my life but I’m supposed to know better.
I’m not really sure how to start this. I normally read through the makeup and fitness subreddits, don’t really post and feel sort of strange about it but here goes.
I’m 31 years old. From the outside, sometimes I wonder if my life looks OK. I’m married, have a job, and for the last few years I’ve lived abroad. I don’t know why these things aren’t enough for me, but I’ve become a deeply unhappy person.
I’ve fought this for years - some moments and days were better than others - but I’m tired. I look forward to nothing. I enjoy nothing. I feel lonely and just done with it all.
The funny thing is, I work in mental health. I’m a therapist. I should know better. I should know what to do, but none of it matters anymore.
I’ve tried antidepressants on and off but I don’t like the way they make me feel. I’ve been in therapy myself, but it’s not helping.
I’m just really tired and I think I’m done, but I’m scared that it will hurt so I haven’t done anything yet. A young guy in my town died very unexpectedly and tragically recently. It was awfully sad and I’ve thought about him a lot. His funeral was this week - over 200 people turned up. I have my doubts more than 5 would come to mine, not like it matters i guess but you know.
Just wanted to tell someone I think. Thank you for listening.


Wish I was so far wacked out my mind
To barely have any connection with reality, to not even know what being suicidal is , nor emotions, wants, nor desires, nor recognizing anyone for that matter would be just as good as suicide.


Just dreamt my friends die
This was devising. They were gunned down, and I was left alone and deviated. In the dream I saw there dead bodies. I remember collapsing and just being frozen.
I don’t know what I would do without them, in the dream I immediately missed them. I was never going to enjoy there presents again.
I woke up crying.
I think I finally understand why suicide is bad. I’ve been wanting to kill myself for the longest time and thought no one would care. I though that I would die and people would just move one. But when my friends died it was terrible, awful. I’ve never lost anyone so I don’t know the pain, but I have some understanding now.
I’m still going to do it but later in life where I won’t hurt as many people.
I hope my friends live a long and heathy life.


just turned 15. i didnt want to be alive today
i didnt want to be alive to see this birthday. i dont want it. i just want to curl up and die already


I genuinely want to leave
Trigger warning: r*pe, csa, domestic violence, etc.
I’m female and 24. My 25th is coming soon and I feel nothing but resentment that I’m alive. I’m angry my mother birthed me. I wish I could have been aborted so fucking bad.
I used to want to be saved but nothing can save me. No amount of therapy can fix me. No meds. So...
I genuinely don’t want to be alive. I’ve done nothing but get hurt by those around me. I’ve lost both abusive parents to cancer and an aneurism. I was molested many times as a child. I’ve been abused in relationships in all ways. I feel like there isn’t anyone out there for me because I think I’m far too fucked up in the head. I’m not saying this lightly. I suffer from pretty bad mental illness and to be specific it’s bpd and bipolar. Severe anxiety, ocd pretty bad.
I feel like I don’t belong in this cruel world. My heart is too soft. I feel like I’m constantly longing for safety and security and I can’t ever achieve that. I’m just a person for others to use and abuse. I was made to be raped and molested. I was made to be beaten. I was made to be body shamed. I’m just a target for everyone. I’m not worth a normal childhood. I’m not worth not being traumatized. I’m not worth being loved correctly. I’m not worth safety. Nobody cares.
I want to end my suffering because I have nothing I want. I have no dreams. I have no voice. I have no power. I am nothing.
I want to die because I detest the thing that looks back at me in the mirror. I don’t recognize her.  I never do. I can’t remember my face. But I see it all the time.
I want to die. I truly and whole heartedly want to end my life.
I’m terrified about what comes next but please god be willing that it isn’t another hell.
I’m sorry.


Angry
I'm really angry again because I got ignored. I'm sick of people ignoring me. It makes me feel like I don't matter. I get really angry when this happens.


I just survived a suicide attempt
Today I tried to kill myself and I failed. It was a weird feeling. I passed out for I don't know how long and then woke up to a seizure. I'm not really sure what to do now honestly.


My no life story
I was born in a small rural town in a third world country. I am the youngest of two sisters and one brother.
Since I was small I have always had trouble socializing, one of my oldest memories is me crying at the though of having to go to prepreschool and not being in my house, as such I lasted 2 days and after that stopped going.
When I entered preschool I was a fat kid, I was made fun of by the other kids but thankfully they were never violent or overly bad.
I almost don’t talk, I never did, through middle school and all the rest of my life I have only been a listener, in middle school I had a small group of friends but I was never as close to them as they were with they each other, I remember they once told me I was just like a recorder in their conversations.
During school breaks half the time I just wandered through the school alone, I could never strike conversations, I just had nothing to say. I felt anxious at every break, with to do. Other people would talk, play football, etc, I don’t like sports either. Everybody plays football here, I have never done, not once, at first I just didn’t like it, but then when I thought I should, just to pass time, but I never had the courage to ask people to let me play when I didn’t have any idea how. I felt like it was too late.
With my family it has been the same too, I have tried speaking but words won’t come into my mind, I talked about the weather, how have they been doing and thats all.
With my siblings the closest to my age is my brother, we have 11 years of difference, and 20 years with my oldest sister. In my younger years I didn’t live with them, they all got out of town to go to high school I  the city and after that they started uni and work in other places.
When I finished middle school I went to live with my sister in the city for my studies too, it was a good high school, I was "good" at "studying" but not a smart kid, I remember one of my middle school teachers telling me it wasn’t a suitable school for me, I always remember that as I now agree with him,  my classmates were smart, they should have gone instead but couldn’t because their families were poor.
When I entered high school I thought this was my chance for change, comes first day of school and the same happens, I am too awkward, and even if wanted I had nothing to keep the conversations going.
First year goes by and I make no friends group,  everybody knows me as the lazy, somewhat good grades, silent guy who spends breaks "sleeping" in his desk.
As I lived with only my sister and nephew (7 years toinger than me) , I grew close to him, I liked playing with him and he was the person I talked to the most, not conversations but just when we played pc games or playtime in general as "brothers".
The rest of the time I just spent it in my room with my pc, watching anime, reading manga, and surfing the web. I have never even participated in online communities talks/chats.
Second year passes I now I have a group of friends in class, the same as before,  95% of the time I just listen to them.
Third year and now I have a "close" friend, same situation, he is the one always talking, he don’t mesh well with the rest of the class so we got close, though he was always the one approaching me, I didn’t like him that much, he always wanted to come to my house and spend time but I never wanted, I just couldn’t say no.
By this point I spent some night crying, why wasn’t I like the others? Can I make a true friend? Will I spend the rest of my life like this? I have a group project coming up, who am I gonna be with? Should I end my life?
I yearned a normal life I didn’t have, but at the same time I started to realize having one would be too bothersome, talks started to bore me and having to meet with friends was bothersome, etc.
Fourth year I start to prepare for college. In all these years, in the 3 months break in between I never once contacted my friends or just get together. I prefered to spend it alone in my room with my pc.
I had good grades, top 5 of 40 in my class (there were 12 classes per grade, from class A to M, ordered by the entrance exam to the high school, I was in the C class). I new I wasn’t smart, I just listened to classes and studied a little at home. I knew some of my classmates were smarter, the just didn’t pay attention to class and didn’t study but they could engage with the teachers, asking things that I  wouldn’t even think about, not that I would even have the courage to ask.
I start to study for the entrance exams, I took it seriously, I didn’t know what I wanted to study, I just wanted to be a great man, be smart, earn lots of money, have friend I liked to spend time with. I didn’t like arts or literature, those were careers were out of the question, prefered sciences and math.
By the end of the year I had greats test results and decided I was going to study engineering but didn’t know which one.
Ended up going to one of the best universities, located in my country’s capital, to study engineering (general plan for 2 years and after that I had to choose a mention) in a plan of 6 years with a full scholarship.
I leave my current city and go to live with my brother in the capital.
I had the same wishes as when I interned high school, now I can do it I thought. Turns out I couldn’t. First semester I didn’t make a single friend, failed ALL my classes and lost my scholarship. I went to all the classes and studied at home. It was just to difficult for me, and with each bad grade y demoralized and studied less, my procrastination got worse. It was alwqs a game of I just need to do good in the next one.
Ashamed of myself I wanted to die, spent weeks crying and wanting to end my life. Never told my family what happened. My brother didn’t know a thing either, I never talked with him even if he approached me, not because I didn’t like him, on the contrary, I always admired him. I was too ashamed.
Second semester and I still had opportunities, losing my scholarship meant the next years I just had to take the state loans. I thought to myself, I only need to study a little now, most of the contents I studied already, going to class would be a bothersome (I am very, very lazy) and I would be too ashamed to go and plus having no friends.
What happened? I failed again all of them. I was almost expulsed. I made excuses for studying, spent all day on my bed with my laptop, watching anime/manga, masturbating (I seriously believe I have a porn addiction since high school) , and surfing the web until morning and sleeping during the day. Each test I failed I just made the calculations for what grades I would need to have in the next ones and telling myself that now I really would study.
As I just avoided expulsion, third semester was my last chance. Same happens.
Now I am sure I will kill myself, all my family thinks I am doing well, I lie all the time. I am too ashamed.
I can’t stop procrastinating. I couldn’t even kill myself, I told me When is the best date to do it? The days come and I do nothing. I spend all year in my bed with my pc.
As my brother is living with me I pretend I still go to school. I shower every day, and when arrives from work I leave my things like my bag, wallet, keys, as if I went out that day.
Third year is the same, I am not working nor studying, nobody knows, I haven’t talked to anybody in ages, I went no contact after high school with my friends.
My bother is fired and now we have to go to live with his girlfriend. There i do the same routine, and when they don’t go out I do to pretent I am going to classes. I go to the park or just spend some time in the building’s stairs or rooftop.
This year we move back to a new apartment with just me and my brother. One day my mother asks me how we’re my grades going, I told her the same as before, I am doing good, then I event told her she could check my grades online thinking she wouldn’t do it and didn’t have my credential. Turns out I did give her them before. She calls me panicking what did it all mean, all the failed grades.
I told her partial truths, that I failed because I wanted to die, that I was planning suicide because I didn’t find meaning in my life without social interactions, that I didn’t have them because I didn’t want them but at the same time without them it meant no meaning in life, that I didn’t even know what I wanted to study and do with my life. I didn’t tell her though was that I failed because I was dumb, that my head wasn’t smart enough, that I found going to classes a bother, that I procrastinated everything, that I did want to have friends but now I was to anxious to approach people and not having nothing to talk about. I was too ashamed of everything.
She resigns from her job and comes to live with us, we talk about my issues, always putting up a front of my real problems. I never tell her about my anxiety, that I had trouble studying, that I wanted a social life. All I told her is that I failed because I wanted to die, and that was because I found life had no meaning without social life. That was my story.
We agree I should go to therapy, I was in a mental hospital for people with depression for 4 weeks. My  psychiatric was told the same as mom. I could never be honest with her.
I found it comfortable inside, I had to follow a schedule, wake up every day early in the morning, and go to bed early in the night too. In my house I would usually go to bed by 6/10 am and sleep until 4/6 pm.
I was a little bored but I just spent my time listening to the other people. I went out around 3 or 4 times during that period, for medical exams and once when all my family came to visit me in the city.
After the hospital, my psychiatric derived me to a therapy institution. I needed to be there everyday fro  8 am to 4 pm, for group therapy, and I had 3 times a week with a psychologist.
Same history with her, can’t be honest. Don’t talk about my base issues.
3 weeks of that. My father was in charge of always being with me. I forgot to mention him before, we have an OK relationship, it is just that he is really old, I was 20 at the time and he around 70, he is just really passive like me, and doesn’t know what to do. I have a “better” connection with my mom, she tries more to get to know what I think, though I don’t let her completely. I love them both very much though, to all my family, they have always supported my and that hurts with all the damage I do.
After that year I am a little more resolved to get better, but not really, I start making plans to move forward but always with the thought that
I am gonna fail.
Therapy doesn’t help, med doesn’t either, the first two psychiatrists didn’t think I was depressed from what I told them, just that I had lacking social skills.
I enroll in another university program, it interested me at first but not enough. By the fourth time, I fail all of it, I did go to classes and studied a little (not too much, I always procastinated), but I needed more effort.
Second semester and I stopped going, I told myself every day, I Need To Kill Myself, trying to convince me to do it, I always procastinated it. As now my mom lived with me, and my brother moved cities and my father is back to where we lived before (my parents divorced, the age difference and lifestyle were too different, I wasn’t affected all that much though, and all my family although living very far away from each other, we are all tightly united), I had to be a little more careful with my routine, to make her think everything is allright.
1 year into weekly therapy and a stopped going and taking meds, It wasn’t any help as I wasn’t honest with them.
This has continued for 4 years now. All my family thinks I am close to finishing school. I always tell them I am really good at studying (as I has good grades in highscool) so that’s why they see me study so little now, and I am always skipping classes because of online resources. Truth is I am not in school of course.
I have done absolutely nothing in my 7 years after high-school, I am a parasite. I contribute nothing, I laze around all day while my mom works. My father rents the previous house we had so he can send us some money. I desesperatly want friends and a girl to love and I realize it is never going to happen.
I regret each day I don’t kill myself. Finally a few months ago I start to make some money reselling laptops, all for the cost associated with my death.
It wasn’t a lot of money, but for me who hasn’t worked a day in my life before and for my country it is significant. Had earned around 600 usd. At the start of the month I lost it all in an easily avoided scam.
I cried every night, event though I earned it with little effort, it took time and was one of the most significant things I had done.
By that time I already knew a date for when I should die, when my sister and nephew (whom I lived with before), return for a few weeks to the country for vacations. That’s then all my family will be together.
After I lost that money I didn’t event bother earning more, I am totally demoralized.
My sister arrived and I had planned to kill myself next week. I was supposed to take a bus last night to where all the family is going to be.
I lost my bag with my laptop and other things. It was stolen in the bus, and as with the scam it was easily avoided if I paid any attention or if I was just a little smart. I am pathetic.
There I had valuables worth 700 usd which I was going to sell for my death expenses. Now I have only 500 usd to leave to my family, this month I have lost 1300 usd, all that was supposed to go to my family. What little I had accomplished is now lost.
On one hand this just makes my resolution in dying much more stronger and at the same time I can only think of my family, what little I had tried to do for them was meaningless, that maybe I should wait a little more for my death until I can again relieve the burden left, but truth to be told I just want to escape it all. All my lies. All my shame. All my past. And the future I have ruined.
As it just happened I ended up writing this as I couldn’t sleep. At first I was really numb but now I am crying. First time I have shared my thoughts, not just for my situation but in general.
I am sorry to all my family. I love them very much.
Thanks.


I’m at that point where I need someone to tell me not to do it everyday. I want to just disappear.
I’ve told my family and friends they all seem very passive about the whole thing. Idk what to do. I don’t want to go back to the hospital. But I have no one here that wants to help me. My roommates only care that I’m a work or that I’m cleaning and my family only cares that I’m paying my phone bill. I’ve missed worked because I am afraid to go outside some days. There is something wrong with me. A bug. Either I want it fixed or I want to die. Two options. I’ll take help but those are my options.


12 pills
Just took 12 pills of clomipramine hydrochloride, I'm just here waiting for something to happen. I finished college, am unemployed and my dog died, I have nothing left. My parents hate me, because I'm stupid and they already have my brothers that make them happy, so I have no reason to be alive.


Financial problems are ruining my life
I've had depression and suicidal thoughts for years, but I've had to put all of my hard earned money towards basic human living and am left with nothing. I'm honestly at my breaking point. Every day I'm struggling to muster up the courage to stay alive but I'm so fucking sick of hearing "it gets better" or "work harder" as if I havent put my entire life towards this fucking  capitalist system that is destroying my life. I've been looking at suicide methods for a few days now, and I haven't decided yet but it's a constant thought. Hopefully soon my pain will end in one way or another, but my family and friends just spew typical shit I'm tired of listening to that gives me no reason to actually keep going


Tired really tired of life,I plan on commiting suicide today
I'm only 19 but the pressure that life's putting on me is too much..I'd rather die and join my deceased dad


Saturday morning coming down
I love my parents, I love my dogs and I absolutely adore my boyfriend. For the most part they are what's keeping me around.
I'm just so numb to the world. My anxiety drives me crazy every day and it's something very few people understand. I am an only child who went to a very useless school. I got into university the last year were they still accepted my senior results as legitimate (2015) I'm a below average student and I've had to appeal every year to get back into school to finish my degree. I use to find my identity in begging smart and fierce. Varsity took that from me. I'm my appeal gets accepted this year then it will be my sixth year for a four year course
Life has dealt me many blows the last couple of years emotionally and physically I fall apart a little more every year. I see all my friends move forward with their lives. I see the world passing me by and I'm stuck in one place... never moving forward. I don't know what I will do if I don't get back in. I should hear tomorrow but in my heart o feel it will be bad. I've set aside so much medication for tomorrow.
I am diagnosed with depression and anxiety disorders but its like every step forward sends me ten back. I don't want to be stuck. I don't want to be that failure that I see in so many people's eyes. I can't do it anymore and I'm so scared


My boyfriend is trying to kill himself.
My boyfriend just got a new job and he’s not performing as well as he thought he would. He has some mental health issues he refuses to address (OCD), so since he got home almost 8 hours ago, he has been calling himself a failure and saying suicide is the answer. It’s currently almost 6am and I haven’t slept yet. I have class in the morning, as well as my own job. He went as far as tackling me to the ground and throwing my phone across the room so that I couldn’t call for help. I love him so much, and he doesn’t see it. All he sees is I won’t let him kill himself, so I must hate him and it all must be a lie. He told me we’re breaking up and it’s over because I won’t let him kill himself. I’m at a loss on what to do. Usually he snaps out of it pretty quickly, but not this time. He’s tried to leave, jump off our balcony, a whole host of things. I’ve tried every reason I could possibly think of to justify staying here, and he won’t take any of it. He needs help. He doesn’t want it.


I don’t know who I am any more or how to feel happy with how I’m spending my days.
I know it’s January and that’s probably a factor. I spent New Year’s Eve fantasising about driving to the other end of the country to jump off from a famous suicide spot.
I’ve felt alright and even good a few days since then.
But the dark days and dark thoughts are more frequent at the minute.
I keep thinking about cutting myself but I’m too much of a pussy to be able to use the knife on myself.
Fundamentally I don’t think I have the brain and interest for my job. I wish I changed my life long ago.
I think I was a bright kid at one point, funny how things change.


Killing the body is just a formality
I was going to travel across the country to meet a random guy I met online so we could kill ourselves together. I regret that I backed out, though I know the risks. The thought of continuing to live while experiencing this much pain is more terrifying than dying. I don't have the strength to continue and I have no reason to continue. I'm alone. I'm useless. I can't move. I don't know who is benefiting from me continuing to live so many years in pain. The important parts are already dead. Killing the body is just a formality.


I don’t want to live anymore
I have nothing to look forward to. Life is not fun. I don’t have friends. I don’t have goals or hobbies. I don’t have anything to make life worthwhile. It’s just fucking hard and disappointing. I don’t want to be here anymore


Fucking up my life’s only purpose
coming from a dysfunctional family, having wanted to die since i was a kid—probably feeling numbness and just varied levels of insecurity for years is taking a toll on me. i knew that i would be the one to carry the weight of the traumas and hardships of the people before me and accepted i would never be happy—but i don’t think i’m making it anywhere in life or ever will make it anywhere at this pace. how do you even cope with feeling morbidly alone, incompetent, and useless. it’s absolutely revolting that i as a human being have been born into chance and fucked up everything for everyone around me
for once, and just for the first and last time i want to do something for myself. and i need it so badly to be this
actually going to fucking kill myself later.


I feel like I have no real friends at all
I honestly feel like no one really likes me other than my family. The only people I talk to consistently are 2/3 guys that I play games with in the evening and sometime afternoon, but even they go out together with other people and I have never been invited by them. I feel lonely, and as if those "friends" I play with are just there playing with me because they can't go out the night before school.
I have known these people for a lot of time, but as I said I have never been out with them so I don't have this good bond anyways. I honestly don't know how to approach them and ask them if I can join them going out, even though their group is "already formed". I have been hinting at  them that I'd be happy to join them and they don't seem to understand but I don't think I can ask them directly.
The worst thing is that during holidays I have literally no one. I sit on the bed with this thoughts that I'll go on in life alone and with no real friends, and id rather be fucking dead as being alone is so painful. As soon as our interest for online videogames ends I will literally have no one anymore.


Bad at everything
I don't know if any of you resonate but do you tell your friends how much you suck at something, you share your stuff, they tell you it's good, then next day or whatever they produce something that far outclasses what you've done? i get that feeling and just shrink into a tiny ball of incompetence inside.
It really makes me want to fucking die there and then, since truly it seems I am incompetent, and thus unworthy of life.


im going to fail
im 16, 17 in march. have my hsc year 12 exams in 7 months (Australian final high school exams before university). i genuinly believe im going to fail. many people in my school will do worse, sure, but their parents and family dont care. my dad, he's been an over-achiever his whole life. he went and earned 3rd dan hapkido black belt at age 20 and then went to japan for his degrees. he has 4 degrees and he's microsoft, cisco and a few others fully certified, he even taught at a tafe for a few years. i simply cant do anywhere near his level. all my cousins, they've gotten above 70 atar (the ranking, 99 being the top). one got 94 another 74 and i cant even think of getting close. im utter shit at math, barely can do timetables, it just goes over my head and thats what would of got most of my ranking. on top of me contemplating killing myself just before the exams so i dont humiliate my entire family and myself, im being forced to quit the one thing im genuinly enjoying right now - mma. i know this all sounds like a retarded ass reason to even contemplate ending my life over but i dont know what to do. im good with computers i guess, been building them since i was 12 and know virtually every tiny single peice to do with them but to even get a career in that, id need a high enough atar to even get into a university to do some stem degree. sorry for the shit formatting and no grammar. thanks guys <3


For Those who have called the suicide prevention hotline, did it help? How did it go?
cried today in front of a doctor, first time i've been able to cry since september. i don't have much hope or will left in me.
this isn't my first time posting here, but it is under this account. i'm either too lazy or apathetic or crying for help to go onto an anonymous throwaway or i just used another one, i'll have made that decision by the time i post this i suppose.
i'm 18 years old, male who would probably choose to be a girl if i didn't feel guilty about even calling myself a femboy because of how ugly i feel nowadays. i'm not going to bother going into much detail here on my silly life experience, but i'm trapped in a house with awful people who are going to be moving away to a place that's pretty far from where i've spent my whole life in. i'm also experiencing what i think is immense dysphoria and for the past month-and-a-bit i've been noticing thinning in my hair, which i'd been to this doctor twice about and only opened up to about the actual root of the problem in how anxious i am about being able to pass as female today.
doctor was incredibly nice about it, nicer than i ever expected her to be and more than she really should've been. she was really understanding about my whole situation and feelings as i explained them to her and answered questions, and she tried really hard to reassure me, my eyes started watering a lot as it went on and the odds of being able to get hrt or even seeing a dermitologist within the next month or two started seeming lower, ended up hugging me and trying to tell me i look beautiful and even got me a cup of tea and a donut. i was forcing myself not to cry and even lightly punched myself to try and stop it at one point (which i would've done a lot more of if it wasn't in front of another person who i already feel horrible for having exposed to how miserable i am) but it was hard. i haven't been able to cry properly no matter how much i wish i could since i had to say farewell to a therapist who'd been way too good of a friend to me, and it's mostly been her belief in me and how invested she seemed in my survival that's kept me from actually tying anything around my neck again since then (the start of october).
i don't think i can keep it up for much longer, though. i've been trying hard to improve and be better than my relatives i'm so scared of resembling in any capacity but i feel like i'm just not good enough. i try and look out for people in servers i'm active in and i try to be responsible and supportive and i guess slightly maternal towards the friends i have to the point where i'm probably doing more moderating in the main server i use than the actual mods there, but i don't think i'd leave much of a hole in anyone's life if i were to disappear right now. i try and just act like a clown online and keep my actual pain and generally anything serious away from the places i use because i want people to be able to actually escape from their pain and politics and other stuff that brings the atmosphere down. i try hard to keep this act up all the time because i don't ever want to hurt anyone by burdening them with my feelings again like i did for so long, and i try so hard to just be strong and be the bigger person even in times where i'm furious or hurt or even when i've had people throwing all kinds of accusations at me and putting me down for my situation with my relatives even when i felt like my mind was falling apart.
but even then, nobody really even notices, i think. and like, i guess that's what i'm trying to do, i'm trying to keep people from seeing just how miserable i feel and how difficult it is for me to try and just be strong and not burden anyone with the nonstop misery train i've been riding for a long time now. but i still kinda wish someone appreciated what i was doing, y'know ? it's selfish, i guess, but i  think it'd help a little knowing someone saw just how hard i've been trying. or appreciates it at all. and maybe i'm doing a pretty horrible job, i guess.
it might seem like i'm not concerned about my own happiness in all this, but i guess i am, too. well, no, i definitely am. i don't want to lose my hair. i don't want to be away from the place i've spent my whole life in and i know and where i can just go walking for hours if i want to. i kinda feel like my life's been on a nonstop cycle of every thing that makes me feel safe or happy just being torn away for a long time, and after i found a way of presenting myself and dressing and acting that i guess made me feel better than i had about myself for a long time...... well, you can see my scalp through my hair, now.
it just kinda feels hopeless, i guess. i've been chugging for a long time now and i've tried doing better, i've tried being a good person, i've tried being a good friend. i don't think i'm good enough, though. i don't think i ever will be, either. i'm not selfless enough to be some good..... i guess leaderfriend like i try to be, because here i am still kind of hoping someone will thank me for looking out for them or ask if i'm okay or something. and if they did, i'd just lie anyway and act like i'm fine and they shouldn't worry about me. i lied to the doctor and said she didn't have to worry about me doing anything to myself as well, and i know i lied to my therapist back then too. i just don't want them to worry, i don't want anyone to have to feel sad if i decide to cut ties with this world. i even tried being angry at a friend i was overattached to last year so they'd hate me and stop caring about me, and since then i've tried keeping everyone who knows me away from..... well, this.
i'm just tired. i'm tired of itching in my hair and the smell of these products that remind me how i'm the same thing as that stupid balding jackass who yelled at me as a kid, i'm tired of going numb from grief, i'm tired of every repetitive jobless day here i spend just rotting away further. right now i think the main thing stopping me from trying to kill myself is that i'm pretty sure the doctor would feel horrendous for not being able to help me. but like, even then, i'm one person, one random person i'm sure there's just countless of dying every day. and on paper being alive for other people's sakes sounds pretty noble, but i'm really not even that. i don't even think i do enough to have helped anyone i've not ended up hurting in the end. this whole thing is just a mess.
sorry if you read this far, but thank you as well. i'm sure i won't go through with anything i have in my head right now, and even now i feel like i'm holding back on even being upfront about a lot of my emotions. i know i'm typing a lot more emotionlessly than i used to when i vented, but i don't think i really have the energy to be especially articulate right now.


What would one need to prove suicide is the right answer?
Everything in life with the right presented situation and or evidence can be convinced to be true or valid or justified. Some it's a super high bar some it's not and sometimes it's just the right moment.
Like even with flat earth enough valid and repeatable confirmed evidence you could all.the
The idea some can't be convinced of anything is false but you or the facts on hand may not be the right ones to convince but everyone if they think of ANY situation with effort can come up with if x is true or shown or exprienced even I will believe in y
For suicide by choice what is that x


Attempted, and want to try again
I tried to kill myself on Tuesday/Wednesday. I didn't necessarily want to die, it's all very confusing. I went to the hospital the other night because of  it and they asked me why I did it but I don't have an answer... is that normal?
It's 2 days later and I want to try again. I feel even more worthless and awful now after the first attempt because of the "backlash". Everyone is asking me questions and fussing around me which I can't take anymore. I'm more of a problem now, after failing, then I was before when no one knew anything....


I just tried to cut myself, what should I do now?
I just ran a blade across my forearm and across my fingers. I didn’t cut any skin, but I wanted to. What should I do now?


What was the reason you did not do it
For people who have attempted before and survived or contemplating but decided not to, what is your reason?
For me, I'm a logical person with some burdens and commitments, so I just mentally challenge myself not to, my reason of even contemplating about it is ridiculous, but the thought gets stronger by the day.  I don't have a bad life or abusive parents or anything like that, but the pressure and stress I give myself is just unbearable, the tightening of chest, the heartburn, the heart throbbing, the screaming in the head like you're in a void and everything seems to be crashing down, sometimes I feel like I could just die and be relieved of this pain.
Come share your experience.
For me, I just try to ignore the thoughts and focus on my goals (career), by ignoring the failures and continue climbing.


I don’t want to die, but the cards I’ve been dealt leave me with no choice
This past year has been rough for me. It all started with the development of voices in my head and disconnecting from reality. I was diagnosed with schizophrenia and my whole life was changed drastically. This past year I’ve slipped in and out of psychosis and have made a second home at the hospital with all the visits I have there. The voices tell me to kill myself and I now accept what they’re saying. I’m tired of living my life in constant fear and paranoia. Because of this disease I’m also losing cognitive functioning. I was once a proud 4.0 college student who now can’t even focus on a page of reading now, it’s taken me hours just to write this. I’ve also had many depressive lows, and each one takes me lower and lower. I don’t want to die, I still feel like I have love to give to others but I’m so empty inside, I’m only filled with strife and uncertainty. My will for life is empty. I also lost my dad this past May. He was my best friend. I hope to see him soon.


Pregnant and can’t stand being this depressed
It is absolutely crushing. I wanted to be pregnant so bad (this may be an atonement baby for one I lost previously) but now that I am the depression I have always lived with before is suffocating me and I know I am supposed to be a good mother to my baby and want to be happy and stick around for that but I can’t help but think that if I don’t have time to take care of myself now once he/she is born I will just slip further and further.... how can I possibly be a good mother this way... I want to kill myself regularly and still can’t stop hurting myself. My husband and I don’t get along anymore and according to him it’s because I’m never pleasant or happy anymore and rude to him and never have anything nice to say about anything. I can’t help it I am pregnant and constantly in pain and sick and constipated and exhausted and I sound like I’m complaining but really just nothing makes it stop ever. Nothing makes me happy except the occasional update on my baby’s size. My 8 week ultrasound was the happiest I’d been in weeks.....
dying just sounds like .... wonderful.... like all this shit would just be over and my husband wouldn’t be burdened and I wouldn’t be crippled by anxiety and depression any longer. Please don’t hate me for being pregnant and wanting to die.


I dont even have the money to kill myself and I am to pussy to jump in front of a train so fuck me
Im so sad right now.. depression and anxiety is hitting me hard on my birthday today
I cant live anymore i hate this life im so overwhelmed with emotions!! Ughh i keep on loathing myself because i fucked myself for not listening. I look at my friends having good lives and i look at myself, im short, a bit chubby, shy, awkward... insecure.. i cant even bear to be happy anymore.. whats worse is that nobody remembers my bday which is today, besides my parents of course.. i feel so alone.. sad and afraid, the pain i am feeling right now is buildijg up like im throwing coal inside the furnace of the train. I just want to let my emotions flow herr sort of a "vent"  i feel like i wanna take the leap of faith man, im so fraustrated even reading this makes me cry


The Feeling of A Halted Storm
So, like two weeks ago, I made a post in here talking about what I'd been going through. Dealing with some intense depressive thoughts. However, not wanting to go through with it because of the sadness my parents would feel, and the unhappiness, I feel, GOD would feel with me. Well, I eventually told my parents this previous weekend! Past few days I've received some help! So thank you for the encouraging words @shortgoku . I'm on the road to get better, but tbh I'm still fighting the spiraling thoughts that rack my brain so.


Should I leave a letter before I kill myself?
Tonight is the night
I’m 17 years old I have had diabetes for 7 years now and I’m going to overdose on insulin to the point where there is literally none left in the house. I live with my mum and sister and they are going to a concert tonight so I’ll have the time to do it without the fear for them stopping me, I’m in so much pain I have such a long history with depression and anxiety and abuse. But tonight I’m done I’ve made up my mind, I’m so lonely as well, I’m sorry mum I’m sorry Hannah and I’m so sorry dad I failed you. I failed myself and everyone. I love you all goodbye ❤️


This is it
This is my final hour. I haven't written a note. I haven't told anyone. I'm just doing it. I'm driving my car off a cliff in about 30mins. I've never felt more certain of anything. For the first time in 20 years im super fucking happy.


I’m so ready to kill myself
Like seriously I’m so tired of this shit because I’m hurting on a constant fucking basis this week has been hard for me I can’t sleep and I can’t eat properly without feeling nauseous due to my crippling anxiety that haunts me every night, it’s gotten so bad it’s turned into a Deep paranoia.
I’ll be honest I know I keep saying this but this week is rough and that every week is rough but this one is hitting the hardest. I’ve been doing nothing but taking pain killers and drinking tequila to wash it down.
Im not doing well at all I can’t resort back to cutting myself so here I am sitting and drinking because I feel like I’ve got no one left. I feel alone and abandoned like I’ve got nobody else in the world to talk to so here I am drinking and popping pills to take my pain away.
I wish I was dead my life is irrelevant so are my issues.
I don’t know I want to leave and never come back. Nobody cares about me or my issues anyways. The again I cant make people care I guess. I fucking hate struggling to stay alive it’s so painful to wake up ever morning barely to stay awake struggling to go to bed I hate it and I hate the fact this is what my life has become I’m so close to losing it. I feel so god damn heart broken on a daily basis I’m always constantly crying and sobbing because I feel alone and worthless.
I feel like nobody cares or loves me and I’m already struggling with getting affection from my parents so I just don’t know what else to do. I’m lost and I’m breaking I can’t take it anymore I’m fucking losing myself and at any moment I’m ready to overdose or slit my wrists it can be today or any day any time I just want to fucking die


Back again lol
I keep coming back here like it’ll mean something. I don’t know. I’m just really lost and angry. I’m trying my best but Jesus Christ I’m so sad and so tired. I feel like an object and things aren’t getting better. I keep holding out but I don’t know why. Maybe because it’ll make my mom and dad sad if I kill myself. I feel like a shell. An empty shell that no one will ever really love and respect. I keep thinking pills. But I don’t have the energy to actually do it. So fuck me i guess.


University stress is ruining my life...
A year and a half ago, when I was in high school, I managed to do fairly well over there. I had friends to talk to (I was a very shy person in general but since I was in that school my entire life, I eventually adapted and spoke to people I met everyday for years), got really solid grades, and had a pretty enjoyable life there. I was however, very excited to embark on my new journey to the West, where I got enrolled in a university in Canada for my Bachelor of Computer Science degree.
Although keep in mind, that I never really had a genuine ambition/goal in life, I just wanted to do something that would make me happy and earn enough money to survive. And I chose programming just because I had no interest in other courses, even when I tried to look into some other options.
Before I travelled to Canada, I lost my grandma, and for reasons, wasn't able to travel there during that period. So when I travelled later, and made it late, my university life was already to a rocky start when everyone already made their own friends' circles here and I was alienated from the start.
So my social life tanked then, but atleast my university grades were pretty good. I did well in my first semester. But then second semester onwards, I encountered one mandatory course that I had to pass to advance in that field, and I struggled massively. And in the end, I failed. My first time ever failing. And as I was struggling with that course, my grades for other courses were slipping too (not failing for those, but fell to Cs when I used to be an A student).
And from then on, my social life is still non-existent as outside of my computer (Discord with strangers), I have absolutely no one to talk to, and my grades are pitiful. I'm currently redoing that mandatory course a 3rd time, and still I'm failing. I don't know how I can progress in university, when I keep on failing that course and other subjects too.
I'm just at a depressing stagnant point in my life, and I'm living alone too to make things worse. I don't know what to do. I keep on imagining what a failure I've turned out to be in a span of a few years, and I have had thoughts of suicide for weeks now to ease my mental stress (even if I know I'm just running away from the situation, and how it'd affect my family/old friends).  I'm just lost here on what to do.


I wouldn't like to relocate my kittens so I stay
Just because of that I'm staying. I've been depressed since 12 and now 42. I got depression free from 34 to 40. I have a life that is better than 80% of the rest of the world, I think. Which makes me feel worse. I have a ton of job-related work due yesterday and I can't put myself to finish it. It is miserable to act like this, isnt't it. I usede to have big dreams that got messed up due to depression and procrastination.
Now I'm tired of pursuing anything big or medium. I've been contemplating just settling down for mediocrity because that seems to be the life my energy levels would allow me to live. But it's hard to have this bubble inside your chest of unrealized dreams and fantasies. I cannot live up to them because I lack the energy. I need to sleep some 10-12 hours most of the days and still I feel tired. I need to pay the rent and stuff so I cannot leave my jobs which are not bad at all, all the contrary (I help peope and I do well my jobs when procrastination does not interfere that much) but nevertheless my jobs are not my dreams.
I think I would develop my dreams but I would need to attend social media and contacts which I hate. Social media gets me sick. This thread counts as social media, I guess. That's why I was so reluctant to sing in but it's just I can't seem to get out of my hole.
I can't kill myself because of my kittens but my life always ends up suck by black holes and I'm tired, so tired of digging up to the surface again and again. And every time I dig up and reach surface, I have to drink lots of caffeine to make up for the days of undone job-related work and in turn it debilitates me even more so I only end up doing job stuff. My dream work I do rarely due to procrastination.
I'm on SSRI meds now. I've been to yoga, meditation, professional counseling, breath exercising, exercise, weed and drugs, getting out to get sunlight, socializing... you name it, I've tried it to get rid of my lack of well-functioning.
​
I think no-one will reach out because I'm no fun and a jerk. That's usually what I get from social media. That's what I will always get from my actual work nevertheless.
​
So, this is another scatter rambling from myself failing again at trying to get somewhere above my shoulders.
​
I hope some day I will be able to end all of this. I need to relocate my cats, I guess. I think I need to be serious about it now. So I can end it all for good.
Back to job-work because the thing was due yesterday.


I planned to kill myself today.
I know that this is probably the most pathetic post you're going to find here, but whatever. So, I've bought a rope and I planned to try to hang myself today after school. Unfortunately, my parents have found the rope. So when they saw that I was in awful mood in the morning, they decided that it'll be better if we go to a doctor. I've attempted suicide earlier and I got into a hospital because of it, so now I'm taking antidepressants and talking to a doctor every so often. And honestly, it doesn't help all that much. They actually only gave me much more stress and I felt only worse afterwards, but I can't even kill myself without a suspicion now. I could probably at Monday, tho. I might actually try, if I won't chicken out. But for now all what I can say is that it's not possible to even kill myself nowadays. Great. I don't know what to do with my life, I don't see a point in suffering through it, there's nothing but problems ahead. Sometimes I'm thinking how normal people even feel. You know, those ones who don't hate themselves and don't tell themselves that they should die and life is pointless. I'm feeling pathetic because I can't even properly harm myself. I don't know what to do. I'm sorry for typing this. Have a nice day.


Humans are full of shit don't waste your times with them.
Yeah I'm going to kill myself but first let me vent.
I've spent all my life trying to socially fit in but after a decade of trying I realise people will never accept me, just because I'm disabled I get treated like shit.
The routine is I'll go out of my way to try and make new friends but when my disability shows they soon start talking shit about me and avoid me like I'm some sort of leper. I only put myself through it because I hate loneliness but I've now reached the stage where I hate being alive more.
So fuck it I'm going to kill myself .


I cant do this much longer
I just cant I dont have any meaningful connections or anything.Nobody is there for me when I need someone because "he's fine he's just the class clown". I try to do so much for other people but nobody wants to help me. My parents say they love me but they never show it I just get yelled at for everything I can take much more of living like this. its getting harder and harder to see the light at the end of the tunnel


Three attempts
I've had three suicide attempts just this week. I've failed each one. I'm such a fuckig disappointment, I can't even kill myself.


Girlfriend of 2.5 years dumped me because of her manipulative Mum. I want to die
Just found out that my girlfriend thought she was going to be given an ultimatum by her manipulative mother to choose between her and me. Her Mum didn't like me because I dropped out of law school and couldn't find a job. My girlfriend dumped me due to this
I wish I was dead


I feel like me feeling as depressed as I am is just delaying the inevitable
I have a gut feeling I'm eventually going to just break and go through with it. Its bound to happen, it's a matter of when, and how many people I can meet and subsequently hurt in the process. Am I alone in this thought?


Closest I’ve ever been to ending my life today
It’s true when everyone says that no one cares about you until you die. Though the thing is that even after you die people forget about you having ever even existed in no time at all.
“Wow another person killed themselves? That’s a shame. Oh well, too bad for them.”
I might as well not exist at this point, it wouldn’t change anything. Today I took the elevator to the 16th floor and walked to the balcony. Immediately I had a breakdown. I was up there for what seemed like forever but it was only 30 minutes. Every one of those minutes was spent crying and leaning far over the edge hoping I could just make that final leap over the edge.
In my moment of despair I impulsively tried to dial my only friend. I didn’t know what I was going to say but it seemed like something I should do at the time.
No response.
After desperately trying to call them up I gave in and hung up. Now I see that it was a bad idea and Imm glad they didn’t pick up. It wouldn’t have done anything, I would of only ruined their day with my suicidal jargon. I’m never going to try calling anyone again at my lowest points, it’s not fair to who I call and won’t do any good either way.
I tried so hard to get over my cowardice and just lean far enough to lose my balance and fall. I didn’t end up doing it, partly because I couldn’t get over the survival instinct but also because I have just a few more things to get done before I can really go.
I need to finish writing all the letters to the people in my life who might give a shit about me dying for a little longer than most.
I still need to give all my stuff away to people. I have no use for my things after I’m dead I might as well pass them over to someone else.
And that’s all, that’s all the things I have to do. Then just need to stop being a coward and finally be brave and do the right thing by jumping off. I’ll be doing so many people a favor.
—————
TL;DR - no one gives a damn if you’re alive or dead, it doesn’t matter. I had a breakdown on a roof and was desperately trying to end my life.


I crave death
I’m not really sure why, it’s like a switch in my head. I’ll be fine and then suddenly really depressed. Where’s the consistency?? 😒


Can’t deal with the loneliness and isolation
Probably gonna End it tonight and if not then soon, let’s hope there’s something after, but if not, nothing will do just fine as well, no one will miss me


Have to end it :(
I’m a middle age lady, about to be homeless. It’s not that I have no place to go if I really needed a place, it’s just very undesirable situations if I was desperate enough to stick around. I have quiet borderline disorder that was never diagnosed and ruined my life. I hope it will work, I need to get it right the first time bc I can’t afford a failed attempt.


i cant stop thinking about suicide.
i think about suicide all the time. i think about it in the shower, i think about it when i’m eating, i think about it in class, anywhere and anytime. my suitemates (i’m in college) invited me over to smoke last week. they were nice and i had fun but the entire time, i was thinking about suicide. i was at a party last weekend, and what was i thinking about? suicide. i just don’t have the guts to do it. if i did, i’d be dead by now. i tried to hang myself with a belt last week but as soon as i couldn’t breathe, i pulled myself back up. i know that’s a natural physiological response, but if anothony bourdain, kate spade, and robin williams can do it, so can i. well, maybe. i drink at least 4 nights a week if not nearly every night. i don’t even like alcohol, i just can’t stand being sober. nothing brings me joy. don’t ask me if i have any hobbies, because i don’t. i mean i like listening to music and watching movies, but that’s not a hobby. that’s what i do when i don’t wanna do anything else. i have 2 (online) exams due sunday and i’m so fucking scared because i don’t know anything. i was planning on killing myself the day i came back from break before the start of the new quarter, but obviously, i didn’t. so i didn’t think i’d need to worry about classes or anything. and now i’m fucked. but i don’t have time to be suicidal because i’m already behind. everything is exhausting. i don’t want to wake up tomorrow. i just want to die.


I wish I could live sometime in the far past
A time where you didn't have to sell yourself to a shit ass job just to scrounge the money together for a months rent. I want to be a fisherman, or a basket weaver, or some kind of merchant. Not a fast food worker or some bullshit.  And I want to be able to LIVE. To do something else than monotonous pointless garbage.


I cannot find any support networks or any assistance and I cannot afford help
I do not care for online assistance , I only care for in real life because it doesn’t help so please do not bother trying to give me advice or offering to help. I need in real life people but I have trouble even fucken meeting or find8ng people and I cannot even afford therapy and free services takes too long so I’m just going to fucken offf myself. There’s no fucken point , it’s going fucken no where.


I just can't keep going
I just can't take it anymore. I honestly just want someone to tell me that I don't have to keep going like this and give me a hug. I just want a hug...


Keeping myself from having a panic attack by remembering my suicide date.
So, due to health issues, I'm miserable. It's causes me social anxiety and depression. Right now I'm waiting for an appointment and I have to work for a few hours after that. I felt myself panicking just from sheer anxiety and depression.
I managed to calm myself down in the most morbid way imaginable. I remembered that I could just end it all. Ive set myself a untill january first 2021. I know I'm going to be okay. But the anxiety and depression are always there. Either just simmering in the background or just completely taking up all of my thoughts. The thought of having the ability to end it calmed me down. It's sad sure, but there is some beauty in the fact that you can decide when you really want to completely end it.
Just needed to post this, I hope today is a little bit better for you than yesterday.


I'm not going to write a note or anything
I'm just going to do it.
Give my son his tablet and some food, take a bath, he'll be fine til my bf gets home.
The day to day is too daunting and nothing is helping.
I keep waiting for it to improve but it never really does. It just keeps on keeping on. Why should I?


Breakdown Vent
I can’t anymore, I don’t want to be here. There’s so much pressure to continue, to survive and keep on living. But I can’t take it anymore. I’m tired. I’m so tired, I just want to go to sleep and not wake up. If it means not having to be in pain everyday I’d rather not be here. I’m over this. I’m over my life, I don’t want to continue anymore. I used to think me not being here would be a bad thing, but no one actually cares. I can’t come home to anyone that loves me. No one I come home to cares or asks how I am. They just vent to me about their day and then leave.
It’s the first time saying it but I’d much rather die than have to continue this shit life I’m not even living properly.


I was going to kill myself last Friday.
But I didn't go through with it. I locked myself in my room and sat.
I regret it deeply. Would have made for a great 25th birthday present to myself.
I can't slow my thoughts down.
I feel so tired and isolated.


I’ve got a date scheduled
I think this is it for me
I’ve got BPD and going through a depressive episode and I think I may have pushed my favourite person out of my life or I am about to because even though he’s caring and kind like nobody else, I just can’t subject him to any more of my bullshit. I’ve written two letters to him saying I’m in love with him or I feel deeply and strongly about him or whatever this enigmatic fucked up pure feeling is (we’ve never said it to each other and I was very careful with wording) and I know this is not what he wanted. He wanted something casual. He’s from another continent, spent two months for work in my city, wanting just flings but because of me he stayed  monogamous (his own words) for the entire time we were together, and while we were together face to face my BPD didn’t even flinch. Now it’s all gone to shit.
He’s way too grown up, he values me but he has no desire to commit which I’m even okay with, and he’s rationalized me out of so many breakdowns which is why putting him through more just feel unfair and I can’t cope on my own. I’m already numb and too tired to care, but after the letters that I’m going to send he’ll have no desire to talk to me either. They are too honest and too raw and  too much what he never wanted, I’m sure, too whatever, it doesn’t even matter.
Anyways, I think that’s it for me boys and girls. It’s been a fun ride. I’m just dead tired of cycling through the same whirlwind of emotions with different people, and coming back to being alone is fucking miserable. I’m so tired of this. I’ll miss my cat the most. I already have a date scheduled. Hope you have a  better life with your disorders and beat their ass and have a happy fulfilling life. I love you. Stay alive.


college hell
Hi everyone,
It seems as if I have reached the end of a very long tunnel, a rock bottom.
I have suffered from depression for years, but never has it been this bad. I am healthy, am surrounded by people who love me, and am at a great university, yet the thought of getting out of bed each day is unbearable.
Every interaction with another human leaves me wondering if they hate me. I can’t see why they would like me, and I try to convince myself otherwise but it is impossible. I am disgusted with my body, my embarrassing personality, or my lack thereof.
I am a shell of my former self. I crave love but I will never allow myself to feel. I get blackout drunk every Friday and Saturday because the only way to ease the pain is to not remember it. I suffer from DP/DR, which makes like a living hell and leaves me begging to live a life in which I can believe is real.
And so ends a simple story. A desperation, longing for some sort of comfort maybe. My mind is empty yet racing.
Please feel free to share your stories (i love to listen). I hope that maybe, with the social media scam that college students often portray, some can find their stories here.


How do you tell someone you can't date them because you're sick?
I just can't date I swear. The bridge in-between my public persona is fucking light years from my personal life and dragging anyone into this pit is an attrocity on it's own.
I'm not exactly handsome or a Ladies man (or Man's man) but generally I'm pretty open and fun around folk which leads to getting asked out or flirted with a good bit. I like flirting- like a lot, not sure why it just feels great so I do it with a lot of people but the thing is about an actual relationship is that it's nearly impossible for me to reliably connect myself to others
And 2nd i don't want them to have to bear any of the weight of the dark little depressing world I've made for myself that's hidden behind the seemingly carefree, sharp tongued, lovable prick of a jester I make myself out to be to attract others
I feel like when I date people they're dissapointed in what they got versus what they expected...(insert online shopping meme here)
I hate rejecting people- especially after using the internet more where people constantly share their feelings of anger, sadness and distraught about being rejected but I've learned from some pretty bad (mentally/sexually abusive) relationships that I do have to say no to people and that I can't just say yes and try to appease them until they're over the relationship but it makes me sad because usually I do care somewhat about the people that try and take our relationship to another level and do not want to stop liking me as a companion
So how do I let people know that I'm just genuinely unable to reciprocate their feelings and it would be better for them not to pursue this route with me???


I don't think I will but it seems more appealing over time
I hate this world. Its not right for me
I dont have the energy to fight
I just want to sleep forever


Not sure if I should go to hospital
I’m a 23 year old woman, I’ve had depression since I was 12, anxiety since birth that turned into full blown agoraphobia when I was 19.
I can’t function and I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to be here. I’m fucking exhausted. The only thing that’s really kept me here is my baby sister and my mom. and it’s at a point where I just feel guilty and ashamed that I am so tired that I can’t be here for them. And I somehow just repressed those thoughts and feelings up until now but they keep hitting me heavier and heavier.
I don’t know how I am going to keep going. I can’t make simple ass phone calls, I can’t fucking talk to people without freaking out, I can’t even call my fucking therapist right now, I can’t get a job, I can’t go back to school, weed doesn’t even fucking help anymore. I’m good at shit, but what’s the fucking point of being good at anything if I have zero fucking confidence to even go out and do anything with it. For some fucking reason I just keep getting into these situationships where I’m a fucking backup vagina or something. Cus apparently I’m not good enough or even attractive enough to be anyone’s fucking priority. my living situation is only temporary and I am on social assistance, which just barely enough to live off so I’m partially financially reliant on my mom and she doesn’t have much either and has to take care of my sister. I have to find a place by July and idk how the fuck I’m going to do that, rent in my current city is fucking INSANE, Social assistance wouldn’t even cover a decent ROOM. It just doesn’t work. I know there’s people who care about me, even my ridiculous situationship mentioned he worries about me. I just can’t do it though. Like I don’t know what to do. I can’t see what’s going to happen, I can’t imagine my future and it’s scary.
I’m really emotional and tired right now so I’m sorry if this is difficult to read, I’ve been crying on and off uncontrollably since yesterday evening and it’s 5am now. I was in the bath tub last night and trying to figure out the easiest way to do it and it kinda scared me how easily I realized I could do it. Noose, too much effort, wouldn’t be able to kick a chair, not sure if I want to be found like that. Pills. Comfortable but I don’t want to vomit all over myself. Like yeah I’ll probably shit myself when I’m dead so it won’t matter I’ll be dead anyway, but I have dignity. Jump off building or onto train track, no, Again, I don’t want my body destroyed. Razors, ding ding ding, don’t know why I didn’t think of that sooner, I’ve been a cutter since I was 13 anyway, would just have to go a little deeper on a different angle and I’d be done. I keep imagining myself laying in a bathtub of fucking blood and idk if it is the most content thing in the world or terrifying.
I’ve been wanting to cut myself so fucking bad, I had a relapse a couple weeks ago, and before that I burnt myself as well but I wouldn’t consider it a relapse because I’ve never burnt myself. My therapist knew about the burn thing and he said he didn’t think I was gonna hurt myself again. I told him I loved myself at the end of session, which maybe I think I really am insane because that is a lie but maybe I really believed it in that moment, maybe there’s something else really wrong with me though because sometimes I will feel really good about myself. I haven’t seen him in months though because I’m ashamed how hard I’ve fallen back down. Maybe I’ve put him on a pedestal because he feels like a parental figure to me now idk if that’s appropriate or not. In general I just don’t want to disappoint anyone anyway. The only thing keeping me from
Killing myself is that I’m a fucking people pleaser. I gave myself two stick n poke tattoos over the past couple days rather than cutting myself. But I was close today, I figured i should just go to the hospital.
I’m still not sure if I should go to the hospital.
But I know if someone I loved, like my baby sister, or my mother were feeling the way I were feeling I would want them to get help IMMEDIATELY.
If I go to the hospital what’s the protocol? I’ve never done this before, I’ve been on the verge so many fucking times but always ended up telling myself it wasn’t bad enough. But it’s been over ten years of this shit, I don’t deserve to suffer like this. I just don’t want to end up drugged on lockdown for 72 hours, it’s like a waiting tank from what I’ve heard and I don’t know if that’s healthy. The medical industry also doesn’t treat people from my culture very well. But yeah, if anyone has advice for me that would be great. Is this even bad enough though? Are they just going to drug me and keep me on lockdown for 3 days, if so I’d rather just call my therapist and figure something out. Maybe outpatient or inpatient? Where u go to groups and stuff during day and go home. Idk.


My friend is suicidal
My friend keeps leaving our discord saying we all secretly hate him and aren't real friends. A new person joined yesterday and called him cringe and I think that pushed him over the edge and he changed his name to 'im gonna kill myself' on Twitter. We managed to get a message back from a DM and he said it's not a joke. I want to call the police and help him but I hear that can also make things worse. It's hard to get in touch with him and I just don't know what to do


Here's the thing that usually stopped me from ending my life
As someone who used to be suicidal due to my life being terrible. I thought to myself, what's the point of leaving here SO sudden when we don't know what happens after? If it's nothingness I don't want that. If it's burning in hell. I don't want that. NOT a single human has figured out what happens when you die. What if it's worse than the position you're in? Then what? I don't want to be suicidal anymore and I know you guys don't want to be either. So i'm personally making it my life goal to 1st, Figure out the meaning of life. I will be gaining knowledge ln each religion and even theories that people have then decide which one is the most logical. After that I plan not live for myself anymore. The only thing that makes me feel alive is when i'm helping other people, especially the homeless/elderly/children/anyone. I know i sound like an idiot but this is how i truly feel....I DON'T want to live for me anymore. But for others. I feel like an idiot writing this, but it's a start right?


Bad night pt. 2
This night is BAD...... I just want to let go already


I can't do this anymore
I'm 39 years old. I ruined my life over the last 2 years to the point that I'm about to be homeless, I'm pregnant, can't find a job, living in a state away from all friends and family. I've burned every bridge and all for a relationship that turned out to be completely toxic.
Pregnancy hormones have made me insane, I clearly wasn't built for this. I've wanted a baby for so long, never thought it would happen. I love him and I will have no way to provide for him. It's too late to have an abortion. All i can think about is trying to hang on to give birth, give my baby up for adoption so he can have a chance at a life, and then kill myself.
I don't want to wait anymore though. I have nothing. To say I'm living in squalor would be polite, and knowing it's about to get much worse is just too much. I can't believe I am such a fuck up. I've always hated myself but I had no idea how much more there was to loathe.
All I think about is that I could find a nice wilderness trail, and walk until I'm too weak, being no food or water and let nature do its thing. If everyone is lucky, I'm never found. I have been obsessively thinking about this since October.
I can see no way out of my current situation. I'm so tired of this.


Update
Ig for anyone who cared enough, thank you. This is another vent frankly. I'm still stuck. Walking in place and got nothing stable around me. I feel like I'm just waiting to snap again and ik its hurting those few who cares.. I feel numb. Exhausted. I'm never good enough at anything anymore. I'm so fucking exhausted. And frankly, terrified. Of myself. Of the voices. Of everything around me. I'm not a survivor. I'm not alive.


is life ever gonna be good
from 10 years old I would think that when I become older life gonna be better but as I go forward things just go worst im 20 now and I just dont see the point every thing is meaningless winnig doest feel good and losing hurts like hell im just asking is it ever gonna be good to live or not? if not this life doesn't worth the pain


I want to die so badly but I don't have a good method
Does it get better?
I hate school
I hate being lonely. I can’t take it anymore
Why does everyone treat me like I don’t exist and if I do they treat me like shit?
I try taking “me time” to work on myself but I’m naturally quite ugly.
I want to make friends. I want to ask people to hang out, but I have such severe social anxiety it’s impossible for me. I really do want to but it’s just so much stress and I can’t take it and I want to die please


My decision is final. I have decided to kill myself.
It's for the good of everybody.


It's finally happening
I'm midway through a bottle of sleeping pills and have taken almost 10 shots of vodka. I'm taking it slow to start because I don't want unbearable stomach pain, but once I get close to blacking out I'm going to finish the pills.
My suicide note is written out and everything's taken care of. I'm ready to go and relieved it's finally happening.


I can feel the pain growing every single day : (
Honestly the pain just keeps getting bigger and bigger every single day and I can’t stand it. I thought I was strong enough to handle this, I started feeling a little confident before Christmas and I was so happy to have some online friends done back but now 1 month later everything had turned to shot again! I can barely sleep and I’m feeling like a zombie, I’m still a lonely, insecure, anxious and messy teenager. I don’t have a single in real life friend to turn to and I’ve tried everyone to socialize and no one wants to be with me, it doesn’t matter how much I try and I’m sick of trying. I have this huge pain around my heart, this pressure and it makes me want to kill my self because I can’t handle it anymore, I can’t handle the pain and it’s not getting better and it hasn’t since I was cursed with depression and anxiety all those years ago.
I just want to cry, I’m so sick of life, I’m sick of everyone, why can’t people understand that and let me rest in my bed.


Another night to get thru
So thinking about the best and easiest way to go out tonite...
A friend recommended Visine... Ingesting eye drops, although might take a few doses to trigger the heart condition, but the bonus there is it looks natural.
Burning charcoal, have all the ingredients but it's a positive trigger of yup you guessed it.. suicide.. I would rather go without anyone being able to tell why or how... I would love if there was a pharm pill that you could buy to end it all... a simple transaction and all is over... Life sucks and it's so damn hard to just top yaself now days... at least so people around ya don't get fucked over..


Done with it all
I'm just so done with it all. I've survived 2 attempts in the past 3 months and living day to day is getting increasingly difficult. I feel like I'm only staying alive so my family doesn't feel pain from losing me, which doesn't feel like I'm living at all. My parents know about it but I can't talk to them because I never know what to say, nothing changes and I always feel this way. My dog who I've had since 2 months old who is now almost 11 is ill and likely to die soon and it feels like the final nail in my coffin. I just don't know what to do anymore.


I'm never going to find rewarding work
I just don't want to be a fucking slave for the rest of my life, but how can I not be? I'm never going to get an education. It's just not possible. Not doable. So how in the hell am I ever going to get into a career field based on intellectual pursuits? The fucking answer is I'm not. I just have to fucking smile about the fact that I'm still alive, despite being a wage slave, despite having no real opportunities, and I'll feel better right? Fuck all of this shit. This life feels like a race to the fucking bottom. There's no way to escape my shitty life, my shitty future. Nothing I can do to solidly, ACTUALLY change the trajectory of it. I don't even know why I post here. I'm never going to be happy with my lot in life.


I don’t have anyone else to tell.
My note is written out, though I’m not sure who will read it. I’ve been living in my car and my service for my phone will be shut of soon as I was kicked out by my parents. My friends have all shunned me, but that’s to be expected when you live in a small town and everyone knows everybody. My best friends are my enemies and my enemies are my worst nightmares, they see me at the park doing the last bit of homework I can and they sneer because they know I have no home to go to. I’m running out of money to wash my clothes with and the community shelter is starting to get mad that I’m taking showers there every morning. I’m not trying to steal resources, I’m not, but I can’t convince them of that.
Sorry, that’s a tangent different than the one I came to make. I’m ending it at two this morning, I think. There’s nothing for me anymore. I have no support system, no family, and soon will not even have an access to school. My job isn’t giving me enough hours to sustain myself and I’m not old enough to work anywhere else, besides the odd chore for the nursing home. I spent the last of my energy tonight getting my sleeping medication from my folks. Sneaking in and sneaking back out. I hope they’re proud of me. Maybe God will prove them wrong, and I’ll wait at Heaven’s gate and laugh when they see me. We’ll hug and have another family game night, or see a movie, or something. Something like before I came out. Before I became Satan’s spawn to them.
I guess I just wanted someone to say goodbye to. And to apologize to the person I’ll never get to be. I’m sorry I didn’t finish my junior year, I’m sorry I never became the teacher that I wanted to be, I’m sorry I wasn’t the perfect kid. I’m sorry that I’m procrastinating any longer.
I’m sorry.


That’s it. I will not live any longer.
I’ve thought of it for the longest time now. The thought of ending my life in the most vile ways possible. I made this account a while ago, and followed communities to get myself to be a better person. But, it has made me worse because I can’t do anything right. I am a screw up to myself and to others. I get told I must love myself before I love others, but I cannot love myself when there is nothing to love about me. The only way I could cope until today was through music. But, it has left no effect on me. I don’t feel the same happy feeling I could get when I discover a new song. It’s like an overused drug. I am alone in the world. My parents are never home to care for me. I would go to therapy, but my mom refuses to even talk to me about that sort of thing. I can’t make a single friend. I’m starting to think it’s because I look depressed and sad all the time, but I can’t fake what I feel on the outside. I don’t know how, I always have this angry look to my face. I try to smile but it ends up looking crooked and forced. I also appear to have 10 years old, but I will be turning 16 in March. Every single day before school I get anxious to wake up. The reason being, the day will be the same routine over and over. I will still be lonely, I will still not understand half of the things my teachers tell me, I will regret not doing anything productive, I will get home and feel terrible again. To top it all off,  I have not showered in a week now, and I haven’t really done any exercise besides walking to my classes. I’ve started noticing that I’ve gained weight in my lower stomach area, and I’ve gotten several heart burns. I skip breakfast and lunch, and when I get home from school all I eat is a fruit and go to sleep. Sometimes I wish this sleep would last for years, but I know it won’t and it takes up my energy just thinking about eternal sleep. I think what triggered me the most was that I went to church yesterday, forced by my mom, and I realized how lonely I was. I went with my sister, and she already had childhood friends and made more friends. Even the teacher kept staring at her, and I was completely ignored when I answered a few questions. From that point on, I wanted to cry and stab myself. I wanted to go to the bathroom and fill a bathtub of water and drown myself there. We left church and I immediately went to my bed. I woke up today and I just felt super numb. Well... hoping things would get better hasn't done anything to me or my self esteem. Nothing will get better, and this will be my final day.
TLDR; I’m ugly, stupid, suicidal, alone. Goodbye.


Drunk and feeling so alone
I don’t know what to do these thoughts never leave. I feel so broken and inadequate. I mean I harassed my boyfriend over the phone for so long just saying I don’t want to be alone but no one gets it. Even when I’m thriving I feel so empty. Nothing I do is right I ruin everything. I’m so gross, disgusting, and useless. Everyone would be so much happier without me. I wish it could all just be over I want to rest forever. I’m just so tired I can’t imagine another 50-75 years more of this. Why can’t I just be free of this world where everything hurts so much.


I'm ready but i don't know how to go...
I've  decided it's time. After 25+ years of depression in my 39 years being  on this planet i think i gave it a fair shot. I've been ready for a  while now. The problem is that i don't know how to end my life.
I  live in the Netherlands so guns aren't an option. The only high  building in my city is pretty much jumper proof since too many people  went there to jump. I don't have my own place and stay at a friend so a  method where i commit suicide at "home" may get my friend in trouble.  Besides that, seems like a shitty thing to do to one of the few friends i  have.
I'm not sure what i expect from this, maybe there is someone out there having the same dilemma.
Anyway, thanks for listening


Sick of life feeling like a cruel joke and I wanna give up
Hi everyone. I've never really done this before but I felt like I needed to get my feelings out there. I feel like I'm at the end of my rope and like things are just gonna keep blowing up in my face. Life constantly feels like a sick joke. Whenever I become foolish enough to think that the coast is clear and that I can finally pursue self-love and happiness, a curveball comes out of nowhere and fucks everything up. Whether it's friends, girlfriends, or work, something always happens. I look around and I wonder how everyone else goes on with their day and doesn't manage to fuck everything up. It makes me feel like I'm trapped in a simulation and everyone's in on it except me. It feels like life is some shitty drama series. Nothing can happen normally or be straight forward and I'm getting pretty tired of it. I've had these thoughts for so long, but I truly feel like I have no future at this point. This feels like life energy that could've been spent on someone who'd capitalize on it. Not a good for nothing loser failure like me.  I'd rather not get too specific but it basically feels like my chances of making it in this world, getting a good job, finding a girlfriend, and feeling like a fulfilled adult, aren't likely. Everything was finally starting to look great and POOF. Gone. Now I'm 23, unemployed, alone, and hate myself inside and out. The worst part is, I feel like my life's not so bad, nor was my upbringing too horribly difficult. So on top of it all, I also feel ungrateful, and my folks don't seem to understand that I don't hate my life. I just hate myself and my mere existence.  And unfortunately, idk if I'm bold/weak enough to end my life. Leaving the small amount of loved ones I have behind like that makes me feel like a coward and a terrible person. And I know a lot of people might argue that having loved ones "means you have something to live for" but what's the point if I don't love myself? That's why every time I step outside, I hope that I'll get in a car accident or be struck by lightning. At least then it won't be my fault. I know this is wordy, but I hope someone who's experienced this kind of feeling sees. I don't know where else to turn to.


My dreams are unattainable
What’s the point if I’ll never be able to achieve what I want in life


Life is ruined/Life tricked me and it's impossible to fix things
It's been 15 years and i'm still in that mind set.. im getting older and my body is weakening anyway, so should i do it... when i was younger i used to use IRC and i met some people from one channel, i lend some stuff from/to them (games, music)  the problem is that they we're way older than me, even earlier generation (I was 16, they're like 22-23).. as i was older i realized that i will met these people in different occassions cause they're locals! shit has hit the fan already, cause i used to date one girl for a while that was in somekind of intimacy relationship with one of those persons.. i've been really anxious cause of this, cause he's so much older and taller than i.. everytime doorbell rings, i think he's here for me to kill me.. i didn't leave the house for years, mostly food shopping.. I dealed the fact that i can't never work, study or date properly in this town when i was 21. More shittier is that all those ppl from that channel knewed each other cause there was some IRC-meetings.. and now we're in the time of social media that even more people can connect each other. I've never been really outgoing person and i find it awkward to explain people "How i know these people as we got so much age difference"


A bad night
I’ve been having some ‘better’ days lately but tonight reminds me how bleak my future is


All I need is little bit of encourage
I don't want to know how horrible suicide is, I just need someone to tell me I did good enough. Why the fuck all I get is about how terrible I am. Yeah, I fucked up everything and now I found life is hopeless. Things that keep me alive is not my parents love and caring but just fucking Jared Leto and Imagine Dragons. They work better than my parents and guess what ? My parents don't give a fuck above me. All they care is my school results and my job and never care above things I like. I know I didn't did my best, but don't I can't even get a single fucking support. People want to suicide don't need the truth, they just need someone who don't judge.


im not suicidal but is it normal to want to cut yourself just because you want to?
I’m going to disappoint everyone
I know I have a big family who cares about me, and I know I’ll disappoint them if I take the easy way out.
I’m only a senior but dealing with depression and anxiety disorder for all these years, being alone, forgotten,  bullied, used, lied to, and pushed around. It’s all so much. My motivation is dead. My inner peace died when I should have a year ago. I took shrooms and my depression disappeared for two months, came back full force in November. I cut off the last of my friends, I just left my best friend’s house, I dropped him off after he stayed with me for the week while my dad was in hospital. I told him everything I felt and he told me “it will get better” I love that guy but the whole time I was thinking of different ways to die. I cried so much with him I feel numb. He told me he wants to go to college, we were supposed to start a business together, I don’t blame him for wanting to do his own thing, but that idea was the only thing that was keeping me going. It’s so hard for me to function on my own.
If I die
I’m going to disappoint him, even though he’s the only person who never let me push him away.
I’m sitting in a parking lot next to a highway that has a big bridge. I could drive into the water and I can move on,
I feel like a coward. I feel like I’ll never get to live my life fully because of these stupid illnesses.
I always just wanted a friend group to hang out with, one that doesn’t bully me, one that values me as a person. I’m so glad that for a moment I had something close to that.
I have a lot of things to be grateful for, but it’s so hard living in a world so fucked up, so hard living to please. I can’t sleep and I’m so tired I might not even need to try to die, if I fall asleep at the wheel, nobody could say I’m not trying anymore, and maybe nobody will be disappointed.


On the edge
Hey guys! new to the group, long term companion with depression.
So I'm terrible at being open so I'm just going to type and hope it makes sense.
I've been depressed for a long time now, 12+years.  Maybe that's to do with anxiety I'm not sure but atm it is what it is. I've been to the doctors twice, the first I was recommended I speak to a mental health clinic, I attended the appointment but nothing really came of it. On the second they recommended I go again and see what my options are, which I'm open to. I have been prescribed soltroline, I've struggled to take them regularly but I've managed it the past couple days (maybe that's why I'm able to be open with you currently)  the drugs are okay, they definitely help, I feel the lows are worse but less frequent and my anxiety (I think its anxiety but I've not been told I have it) has gotten better.
My problem is I'm not sure if I'm suicidal, stupid I know. But whenever I get really low I dont think of ways to kill myself, I just weigh up my value and try to convince myself that my family need me. Family being mum, brother, sister and her kids. I dont have a girlfriend and I haven't for the past 6 years. I think this is down to confidence but it's probably just because I'm terrible at conversation and not the best looking but again it is what it is.
Recently I've been low and for the first time I was unable to convince myself they need me. In all honesty their probably better off without, I'm always angry and argue with my family, usually it was just contained within my brother and mum and I was able to block out or at least tolerate everyone else's shit.
But now I'm almost always angry whenever I'm near anyone, the smallest things will wind me up and I'm taking all the smallest things out on my friends. They understand im going through shit so they tolerate it but they shouldn't have to.
I've been off sick for a month now and only called in on the first day to say I had food poisoning, so I imagine I've been fired by now. I cant seem to find the confidence to let then know though.
I only told people I had to and 2 of my friends yhat I was taking soltroline, so my boss is aware.
Sometimes I will starve myself, I'm not sure why, I have food to eat and can eat it, I just dont want to. I used to be worried about getting fat but I'm far to skinny now for that! Sometimes I think that may have had a lasting effect on my appetite.
I had a cup of coffee at about 19:00 today and a couple biscuits to eat before hand, about half a pack maybe less. This isn't a rare occurrence but today at around 19:40 I suddenly felt very sick and started sweating, I threw up and felt better after, It was another hour or so and I ate a bowl of pasta but started to sweat again, this time I wasnt sick though.
I know I need to see the doctor again, but what I wanted to ask is should I tell them I'm suicidal or is it just me being silly? I've never badly harmed myself intentionally and never cut my wrists.
Also what happens if I do say I am?
And lastly, do you think I could've been sick because of the lack of food or could it be down to stress? I've never thrown up fron stress before and I wasnt aware if I was massively stressed at the time, I did just have an argument with a family member but again it's never resulted in me being sick.
I love you all, you're here for a reason
Tony


Exhausted with failure
I’m just tired of always failing. I haven’t had any wins since k graduated college. Job rejections, graduate program rejections, a failed relationship they only lasted five months, disappointment from my family, the list continues. I’m so tired. Cutting isn’t helping control my mood anymore. I don’t know what to do. How can I move forward in life when life keeps pushing me back harder. I just wish there was an easy way to end it all.


Lost Love of My Life
My loving boyfriend of a year broke up with me over a month ago because he wasn't and still isn't sure about whether he wants to be with me or be alone. He said it completely out of the blue. I have had depression and anxiety since a young age and he numbed it almost completely in our year together. Now I have no interest in continuing with my life and almost acted on it a week ago. I am just 'existing' at this point and am constantly in mental and psychical pain. I haven't done anything because I'm scared and in case things could have worked out.
He meant everything to me and still does.


Autism makes me feel so disconnected from people, I sometimes feel like im not even human
I cant connect with people not even my own family. I feel so lost and i thought it would get better as i aged but it hasnt. feel like im not a person and i hate it i just want to be normal. im so tired of it and knowing ill always be like this makes me want to give up


Is anyone else hoping they get a virus or disease and die?
This is probably insensitive and will probably be buried but posts from people who are probably in a much worse state of mind than my own. I just needed to write this for my own sake. For catharsis. Maybe even to see if there is anyone else thinking the same dark thoughts as me.
Lately everything has gone pear shaped. I had a job working as a telephone operator for government welfare. I tried my best but I could never get my "productivity KPIs" up. After 4 months I quit. I felt relieved. Now I know the owner of my house isn't willing to re-lease the property to my partner and I. We can't move to another place in the area because we can't afford to rent on just my partner's income. We can't move more rural because I won't find a job there. We can't move to the city because then my partner will lose his job. Catch 22, huh.
My partner has told me I have a month to find a new job but I can't face another 2 months of rejection from employers. I can't face putting in more job applications. Instead of applying for jobs I lie and drink all day and brush my teeth before my partner gets home so he doesn't know.
I'm so lost. I'm 24 with no education outside high school and I'm not sure if I can take control of my life while it seems to be spinning put of control.
Right now I can't help but take notice of the coronavirus and wish that I could contract the virus instead of anyone that has already. I don't have much to look forward to in life. I have had one suicide attempt a year since I was 13 but have never succeeded. At this point I know I won't be able to kill myself but every day I hope that something smites me down.
Maybe it's just me but I want to go into a hospital and lick a patient's face for a virus or anything else I can contract.
I just feel like I can't be here anymore.
Thanks for reading, whoever made the effort.


Everything hurts
I dont want to be here anymore. I cant tell if half of the time im hungry or hurting. I feel so worthless and useless. My boyfriend left me out of nowhere, 1 day and a half before my birthday. I dont want to live anymore. I work and go to school. Thats all i do. I feel disgusting, i feel so awful. I dont want to feel like this and i dont think im ever going to come out of this alive. I want to kill myself, but im scared to do so. My sister is just entitled, and so is my brother. I just feel used. I dont know what to do anymore.


I cant do it anymore
Hi, this is my first post ever, I am sorry if this is too long but I just need to vent somewhere and tell someone my story. Also sorry for my english, I am not a native speaker.
So I am from eastern Europe, I was raised by my narcissist mother and my stepfather. I have never  met my real father. When I was young my mother would tell me a lot about how he abused and beat her. I have gotten an oppurtunity to text with him for a while when he reached out to me at my 21st birthday, claiming that none of that was truth and my mom just lied to me my whole childhood and basically made me hate him my whole life. In past couple of years I have gotten to meet some people and looks like he might have been telling the truth, but I have decided not to contact him anymore.
My parents hated me my whole life. Always draging me with them to see their friends and while normal people brag about their kids and share the best about them, mine would just shame me in front of them the whole time about stuff they made up (like me hitting my stepfather etc.) and if I protested or tried to make some arguements, this would be followed by beating when we got back home and forbidding me from doing anything else but studying for next week. For my whole childhood, the only thing I ever wanted to do was kill myself. Now 15 years later I can remember 10yo me standing in a kitchen with a knife to my throat thinking about how I could end all that shit right there and how emberrased my parents would have to be.
They kicked me out of the house when I was 16, because I got a C on a test in school, so I went to live with my grandparents for a while. Thats where stuff got little bit better but ofc, I was finally happy so it was the time for my parents to force me back home. When I was 18 I left and moved to a different country and started going to college. Finally I was free from my parents and started to make some friends. After some time I started doing drugs and got myself kicked out of school. I ended up with no money, no place to go. I ended up moving back to my home country to my parents place, thanks to my sister. I spent 5 horrible years there, wanting to kill myself every single day and being ridiculed of that by my stepdad. The only thing that kept me going was that one day I will finish university, move away and never come back. Now I have finished school, moved away and work in IT. Its not getting any better. I have nothing to live for. I have never known love. I have never had REAL friends. Nothing excites me and the only time I was really happy was when I was high. I try to be strong but every morning I wake up and I want to end this pathetic life of mine. It feels like there is nothing that could ever change.


Need someone else to do it for me
Living my life hoping to run into a murderer, drunk driver etc so I don’t have to die with guilt. Anyone else?


21 year old Autistic with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder. What's the point anymore?
I just got knocked back from government assistance (centrelink) for job seeker/youth allowance again while I'm waiting for disability support again. This time they wanted a form from the doctor that they already have.
They didn't call me to tell me this, just rejected my claim at 4pm on a Friday and leave me wondering what's going on. Now that my claim has been rejected, I now have to wait even longer to receive any payment, when it was supposed to move forward today. No doubt I'll experience another set back when they're back in the office next week. I have no money in my account and its just me and my cat in my shitty apartment. Ain't life good?
It's been six months now that I've been trying to get the disability pension and this is still going on. Six months of questioning my worth in the world and I'm done now.
I've read some other post likening suicide by autistic people to be a form of euthanasia and I agree with them. I don't feel joy in life, my only goal I see for myself is to afford food and bills but I haven't even got that. The pain and mental torment I've gone through the last six months has simply not been worth living. It might be time to go.


Anyone else just bored
There are many reasons why I want to kill myself but it’s mainly just cause I’m bored and tired of it all. My goals won’t be accomplished, I won’t be able to find a boyfriend, I don’t have friends, I don’t even like playing video games anymore, college is tough even though I don’t even think I’ll be successful with a degree in film lol. I have a dog which I love more than anything and it’s the only thing keeping me here. I don’t know if she’ll be sad if I leave but it would break my heart if she was. When I come home she always sticks her face under the fence and stares at me walking into the house and then she runs over to the back door and waits for me to go outside lol she’s a silly dog and I don’t know what to do with her if I do go through with it because I know my family won’t care about her and she’ll probably end up at the shelter again :c


Unlikely that i’ll do it but I can’t stop thinking about it
No major sob story here, just been incredibly depressed for most of my life and cripplingly alone. I’m in a very high stress high pressure job and have an incredible amount of debt so I can’t quit even though the thought of continuing makes me nauseous. Just looking to stop feeling so fucking trapped between a rock and a hard place. Feel like my only way out is just to be gone. That it would hurt my family too much is pretty much the only thing stopping me.


Hurting
I’m always angry at myself. I have completely given up on things ever getting better. People around might feel annoyed that I always seem off but they don’t realize how much I trying not to tie the noose. The people around are no good for help. I am stuck in my own head & loneliness is a bitch. Everything just hurts.  I want to scream but even then, nobody would hear me. I hate the shell I’m in. I want to break way. I want to just give up.


How much codein to overdose?
Question i simple .. how many tablets of codein do i need to overdose?? Im 170cm 65 kg


I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry I hurt you the way I did. I'm sorry you're going to be so angry with me when you find out I took my own life. I'm sorry I didn't make life what you wanted it to be. I'm sorry Im in love with you and was too scared to just be honest with you. I'm sorry you felt this.. I.. ruined your life. I'm sorry you can't feel any of the love I had and continue to have for you. I'm sorry you think so low of me. I know how important music was to you and is to you and more than anything I want you to succeed. I always have. I'm sorry you don't see that. I understand why you don't though. I'm sorry I was and am so depressed. It stops me from doing what I should. What I want. What I wish for. I'm sorry I'm a fucking loser. I'm sorry I haven't replied your text message yet to me I just don't know what to say because I can't cope with your words to me. I can't cope how much you've grown to hate me. I'm sorry I've given up. I'm sorry I feel I have nothing to live for and haven't for a very long time. I'm sorry that I do not feel I can continue in with life as it's always been far too painful for me but since August it's been completely unbearable. I'm sorry that this Glock is going to me my final action in life.


everything feels sad
no joy only when i take pills to sleep


Feeling like shit
As an average high school student it seems impossible to see me thinking about suicide, at least that's the case with my family and friends. I try to keep it to myself, but sometimes I would intentionally talking about hanging myself when I hang out with my friends. They always laugh it off and says that I'm way too young to even think about death. I'm 15. What age is too young to feel depressed?


Save The Date - 6th September
On 6th September, a tl;dr financial situation will have all its loose ends tied off, and after that date, my fiancee will be able to live in my home after I'm gone. She's an amazing, beautiful, wonderful girl, I would hate to see her lose her home just because I wasn't able to stick around. So I've set my date as 6th September. I only have to make it to 6th September. I'm leaving on 6th September. I can't wait for 6th September.


Can't deal with living in my head
I've been in therapy for over six months now, and I'm still scared to be 100% honest. My last therapist used to talk me up so much, as if I was an amazing person who would go on to do amazing things. I didn't have the heart to tell him about all the deep rage and misery inside me, because he spoke so highly of me.
My new therapist doesn't seem to care about anything other than referring me to an online course that costs $60, which I don't have to spare. She took me off my SSRIs and benzos. I'm withdrawing from both, and she gave me no guidelines. She didn't even tell me how to ween off them. One moment I'm spitting venom, the next I'm sobbing. I shake all day. I sweat. I've had to start taking old meds I have leftover to try and regulate myself, or at least get to sleep.
I called a free counselling service today and they just never got back to me. I'm starting to think everything is pointing to the end. I'm just not made for this world and I can't find any decent support. I can't even get a crisis line to call me back. I don't enjoy anything. I fail at everything new I try. I'm just not good at being human. All I do is fail. And if I think really hard, I can see my family being upset, but they'll heal, because they all have the resilience that I never got.
I used to be so strong but it's been so long. I'm tired. I'm making my final preparations. I'm going to make it as easy for the people around me as possible. Get rid of a lot of my stuff. Fade into the background. I'm just so ready to be done, and it feels like the signs are all there that I should go.


Unsuccessful
I posted here a while ago asking for methods. Later that night I overdosed on acetaminophen but I was found that morning and shipped to the hospital. After a week+ of acute liver failure, I was sent to a psych ward (Imo it was much too early, considering my Ast levels were in the thousands). The psych ward I think messed me up more, but I was able to worm my way out very quickly. (Told the therapist what he wanted to hear). Now that I am home again, I feel hollow and worse off. Best of all, my parents are now getting very serious about divorce and there still isn't a therapist that is available to see me. I want to try again, but with all that pain fresh in my mind I don't think I can.
TLDR- I just got back from the hospital and I don't think I learned my lesson.


Perhaps another attempt on my life?
Aha! Madam that be a great idea!!
Cut like never before!
Drink like never before!
Smoke like never before!
And take all of your medication!
Good bye fair maiden I am to be dead by the morrow.
Let the fiddlers play. Let the sun rise, and forget my me love. I am but a humble farm hand to you.
I say good bye, soft kisses against your cheek.
Death, an old friend.
I am home.
Leave me.
I’m home.


i can't cope right now.
all of the feelings are too much and i can't handle them. i just want them to stop. i usually just detach but i can't right now, and i don't know why. i've exhausted my usual unhealthy coping mechanisms and they're not working, so now i don't know what to do.
you can see my post history for background but basically i just don't have enough support to get me through this.


Sometimes I wish I had no friends so there wouldn't be any hesitation in killing myself.
If I had no one...which is already how it feels, I would kill myself in a heartbeat.
The only thing keeping me alive is compassion for others...but I left all my friends behind when I moved with my SO. And now I feel like I am so fucking alone and have no one since my SO is always busy and I have no friends here.
I just want to be dead.


Is a 30ft drop onto grass enough to kill or would it just cripple?
The reasons I'm suicidal
I always find it difficult to explain how I feel. It's complicated. But I decided to just list each reason just to keep it all organized because my concentration is declining. It is a saving grace really - I can't tell you how often I thought genuinely about suicide then got distracted by something, some book, music, movie, or whatever.

My life as a kid. How often I felt happy and excited about something and had no one to share it with, I had to swallow it by myself. The moment I'd show any enthusiasm, I would be a nuisance. I was ugly - I was overweight. My family I admit was a bit white trash. I was made fun of a lot at school and at home by my dad. Looking back, it baffles me, because some of the things he would say were not at all appropriate. But as a kid I had no idea.

-1a. I did feel bad though. Because I hated him at first. It wasn't an oedipal type of thing. I saw him as two different people when I was a kid. Literally two different people. There was him in his work clothes and him in his hangout clothes. In his work clothes, I was frightened of him. In his hang out clothes, he was more playful and funny.
-1b. And when I say he would make fun of me I mean he would do things like make fun of my elbows, my smile, all these things and then also once he made me take my shirt off and started yelling: "You're fat you're fucking fat!" Meanwhile I was as a kid, he was a 6'1 300 lb adult.
-1c. He had no problem getting angry with me in public. I used to like swimming and actually began to get really into it one summer. But then my dad took me to the pool - one other person was there and it was so awkward because he was yelling at me for not swimming fast enough. Like on the top of his lungs. It wasn't like he was training me or anything. He would do things like that like he would push me while I was walking because he felt like I was "goofing off." He scared the other kids in my class. I would draw pictures of him yelling at me to shut up.
-1d. As a kid, I was always bullied and excluded because of my weight. No one wanted to talk to me or hang out with me. I knew this, I was very aware of how I looked.
-1e. I developed avoidant personality disorder. I am 29 and haven't had any friends since I was 13.

In high school, people left me alone. I think because of my size people didn't want to mess with me. And I think because of how I looked no one wanted to talk to me. I would go to school, go home to my room where I would read, listen to music, play the guitar, watch movies, write books.

-2a. It amazes me how much more favored my sister was. We would open a present on each other's birthdays because on my birthday she was insanely jealous of me getting presents or any time the spotlight came onto me, she would do something to gain it back. I got a D on my report card when I was in 7th grade. I talked to the teacher, raised it up to a B. My parents didn't care. From that point onwards I was the black sheep, a "failure who wasn't going to amount to anything". Meanwhile my sister got a C on her report card when she was in 7th grade, my parents bought her pizza to cheer her up. I realize now how unfair it was, but at the time, I internalized it all and thought my parents were right. Or like while I was struggling with deep social anxiety, my parents would yell at me about it, while my sister because of her problem hearing people chew, they took her to see a therapist.
2b. They helped my sister get into college, but didn't help me at all. They taught my sister to drive but not me. Because my parents were separating at the time and this separation was more important than anything going on with either me or my sister.

My mom moved to Italy while my dad married a German lady who had two kids, 9 and 10.

-3a. My dad kicked me out because I didn't go to college, I was agoraphobic, I had trouble going outside. But while I was overcoming it, I had gotten a job. Under the table for a lawyer, making barely $200 a week, and he would forget to pay me sometimes. I had no place else to go besides a boarding house.
-3b. The boarding house had a lot of drug addicts and criminal types. A guy from the Aryan Brotherhood was grooming me and trying to recruit me as an enforcer. I've been shot at, had knives pulled on me. Heard a lady once screaming found out the next day she was being raped. A guy there did try to rape me. The guy next to me was addicted to spice smoked it and coughed constantly throughout the night. A lady decades older than me got me drunk for the first time when I was 20 and began to kiss me, it was my first kiss, I told her to stop, she did, she gave me more beer, she took my virginity without me being aware of it. This was my first time getting drunk.
-3c. I'm still amazed how easy it was for my dad to kick me out and how easy it was for him to cease talking with me for almost a year. He had a new family. Even my sister - my dad didn't get her anything for her birthday once, but instead, on her birthday, took my stepsisters swimming with dolphins in Mexico.

I began to drink a lot and smoke weed w some of the people at that boarding house and the community college I went to. Was also beginning to experiment with psychedelics and oxycodone.

-4a. Thought I had friends. I was wrong. I was humiliating myself a lot for their amusement because I was desperate for company. I was so naive and not aware at all of this until I began to see a therapist when I was 22. It was quite devastating realizing this.
-4b. At 23, I moved out of that boarding house after being there for about 4 years. Moved in with these two drug addicts and alcoholics. Began to drink whiskey daily and take oxycodone daily with them.
-4c. After they confided in me they killed someone - I wasn't sure if I believed them - but I had enough after just a month living with them. I had graduated community college, so I transferred to a completely different part of the state and since I was turning 24, I was going to get a lot of money in financial aid, so I moved in on campus.
-4d. I holed myself away for 3 years drinking heavily starting off with a 12 pack of beer or 2 bottles of wine and began to substitute the oxycodone with kratom which, when mixed w alcohol I found, had a stronger opiate effect. I did nothing but go to my library, get drunk, take kratom, read until the library would close and then I would sneak into one of the classrooms to drink more and read more and take more kratom until I would stumble back to my dorm room at around 5 in the morning. I barely graduated.

At 27, I had enough. I lost 100 lbs, I got sober, I got my degree, I saved up enough money to move back to the state I was born in, thinking I would be happier and better off.

-5a. I was wrong. Horribly wrong.
-5b. I moved out here after 8 years of being mostly isolated, going most weeks without talking to anyone, especially those 3 years I was drinking and taking kratom heavily.
-5c. I was naive because I'd been so isolated. 3 women took advantage of that.
-5d. The first was a roommate I had. Spoiled rich brat playing hippie. I made the mistake of thinking I could trust her and I opened up to her. She was the first person outside of therapy I opened up to. None of what I said she paid attention to, she wasn't listening at all. She and her group of rich friends - rich and I say this, not because any of them made money, for all of them I swear it was something they were born into, and they all were snobby, would always look down on me. My roommate only pretended she was compassionate because like I said she decided she would play hippie for a little bit even though she was near 30 and her grandparents were paying her rent, buying her an expensive car, etc. She claimed she was an artist, but she was a facepainter and made barely any money at it. She was a complete joke and also addicted to cocaine. All of her friends were. I never knew that people near 30 years old were still concerned about being cool like they were the cool kids in high school. They were so obnoxious and so hypocritical who preached one thing but in real life were doing something else completely different.
-5e. I went to the hospital, overwhelmed this was the first person in years I opened up to. There I met another a girl. A drug addict. She started texting me a lot after we got out. I didn't know she was a drug addict at the time. She had me believe she was in a rough situation and I felt genuinely bad for her and was always trying to cheer her up, make her feel better, but also I was thankful she was hanging out with me because I thought she was an actual genuine friend unlike my former roommate. It took me a while better eventually I did realize that she was just using me and getting me to pay stuff for her. Even after I confided in her also, she didn't care at all, she was completely using me.

And then, all Hell seemingly broke loose.

-6a. I got a new roommate. A single mom moving in from a domestic violence shelter.
-6b. She was hitting on me a lot. Telling me that I'm a "boy toy" that I'm "arm candy" that I'm the type of guy you see and assume he sleeps with a lot of women. I hadn't been w anyone since what happened when I was 20 w that lady a lot older than me. I developed sexual aversion disorder as a result of that actually.
-6c. She began to kiss me a lot. She was the first person I kissed w consent. I was genuinely surprised a seemingly pretty girl would want to kiss me. After being overweight until I was 27, I still have the image of myself at that weight at 270 lbs when I'm currently 170 lbs.
-6d. She was also wanting to sleep w me. She called it therapy. She was saying it would help me get over my sexual aversion.
-6e. She also began tell me about her really horrifying trauma. She would like a lunatic start singing really graphic horrifying songs about the things that happened to her when she was a kid. She had dissociative identity disorder, ie multiple personalities. She in her journals claimed she was being possessed by a demon that making her want to kill her own son.
-6f. After we kissed, she told me she loved me. I couldn't at all say it back because she was scaring the shit out of me.
-6g. She got back w the guy who put in that shelter and he insisted on having the right to come over when I insisted that he could go fuck himself.
-6h. A lot of chaos, violence, the police involved multiple times. They tried to get me kicked out and were trying to live here without paying rent - she had enough money to move in, but not enough to continue paying and the way the laws are set up, it takes months to evict someone. But she got evicted and voluntarily left. They claimed they were "scared" of me and it was like damn right they had every reason to be scared of me, I beat the shit out of that bastard and I called child protective services. Thankfully she left voluntarily after being given a notice, she didn't continue w their plan of staying here wo paying rent.

I opened up to her too, she kissed me...it makes me want to vomit when I think about it.

7a. I don't think I'll be opening up to anyone anymore.
7b. 29 now. I thought I was doing so well. I was doing a lot to improve my life and myself. Then all that happened. Now I go weeks wo talking to anyone again. I don't drink or take kratom 2 years since I did any of that. But I sure smoke a lot of weed. I am a failure. As a kid, I dreamt I would be a famous writer. I thought that people would notice me, admire me, I'd be interviewed, I'd be famous. None of that has happened...I work in a kitchen at a nursing home.
7c. I'm planning on moving to Vietnam in May. But I don't know if I'm going to make it. My life has been shit, I can't expect anything better or good anymore, I can't expect anything from anyone, I can't look forward to anything at all. All I want to do is die.


I need an angel
Last time I dieted I was hospitalized for anorexia. That's what it turned into. Now my weight is on the high end of normal. I've had family members, lovers, even fucking employers comment on my body my diet or the importance of thinness. Hell, I've never eveb been in the overweight range. :'( I'm scared of not having enough energy for work or getting through the day due to calorie restricting. Whatever I guess I gotta due it. >:( Heart palpitations, spaciness and amenhorrea are great I guess (sarcasm). I have a healthy non crash diet plan, but I am crying and afraid of the ED thoughts, but maybe I should just succumb to it since no one else cares about or loves me much. I come here in case I can prevent another human from the level of darkness I feel. I love you guys with all my heart though, I am sending hugs. Stay strong. You are beautiful. Hope this touches one person.


Why do I drive everyone away
Even the people on this sub that are trying their best I drive away.
I am truly dumb and unworthy.


I'm meeting a family member to talk about my mental health for the first time tomorrow. Is it normal to suddenly feel like nothing was wrong in the first place?
I've been wanting to tell someone about my suicidal thoughts for just over a year now but never have. The question, "should I tell them or not",  has been back and forth in my head constantly - it feels like its consuming me and taking over my life.
The other night I had a bad hour in bed where I was thinking really negatively again. I was just thinking about the future, my life in general and so on. I lay in bed, looking up at the ceiling, tossing the question to myself again. I had a family member in mind I thought I could "come out to" and eventually, after staring at the message I'd typed out, sent it asking if we could talk about my mental health.
Very soon after sending it, I got a huge sense of regret. I pondered deleting it before I went to bed, but never did and they have now seen and read the message. My chest has felt a little tight all day because of it.
Now, however, I feel like there was nothing wrong with me in the first place, like it was all just some story I'd created for myself to help me cope with my life. Yet I know fine well that if I hadn't sent the message, I'd just continue as I have been. Is this normal? I get a feeling it's a defence mechanism that I just need to ignore.


Suicide attempt at work
So last Thursday I got to work ( I work on a construction site, 7-5) so hard work and a lot of hours. So i got to work in the morning, before even making a drink I ended up crying. I don’t even remember why now. Then about an hour later I cried for about 30 min at the back of this house away from everyone. Then again at lunch and just before I was meant to leave to go home.
So it’s just me on site, currently not feeling a thing, kinda like a numbness. I took the pills out of my car and went upstairs in the office. No one else was on site. After taking like 10 painkillers someone walked it, I couldn’t take the rest at that point because they took them off me.
They told my manager, and the boss at work. I am so scared to go back in, my first day back was today and it was horrible. The guy can’t ask me anything but ‘are you ok’. I just want to go back to normal but I also want to die. I don’t know what to do


Living is hard
I can’t do it anymore I feel like shit everyday and everytime I want to die and I always think of it...


Did something I regret
Thought I was making progress tonight I drank and I usually drink and am on anti d. Anyway got emotional and walked into the middle of a street and saw cars incoming. That being said , I KNEW THWY WERR FAR EBOUGH WAY WHETE THEY WOULD ATOP. so I knew they wouldn’t hit me. And then, when they stopped, I crawled into the floor and screamed “kill me I want to die” and then got embarrassed and then ran away because I was scared someone would call the cops on me
I’m disturbed by what I did fuck


Suiciding because life didn't meet your expectations
Does anyone feel this way or went through something similar?
I'm not sure how I can explain my situation without writing 1000 words, but I feel like life hasn't been what I thought it was and the way things have been I feel like I have no option but to suicide.
I'm currently 24, recent international student graduate with a criminal record (minor offence - major consequence though). I can never go back to my home country as I have no future/life there, however this criminal record aggrevated my depression/anxiety. Financial/relationship problems made it worse and I OD'd on painkillers 2 months ago and spent 1.5 days at the hospital.
My life before my suicide attempt was honestly alright and I been exaggerating things, however after my suicide attempt (as I wrote on facebook) I realised that no one gives a shit about you or what you do. Even my parents didn't give a shit about if I was in the hospital or not. Sad reality is that it's nothing personal about me, in today's age everyone is fake and no one really gives a shit about others. I had an intervention order from my flatmate recently and I had to sleep at a park for a day as a homeless. I realised how alone I was in the world and can't do anything besides relying on my parents that I wish they were dead.
Every morning I wake up and plan my suicide and hoping to kill myself so I would never ever have to be anxious or depressed over finance or broken family relationships.
I'm currently in trouble with the law again as I broke something in the house (month after my suicide attempt, but still in depressed state)
I just can't see any happiness anymore and I'm living life like a disabled person sitting at home everyday because they can't work or be productive by any means.
I don't have any money, friends, family, job, partner,car, not even a laptop since I broke it. I don't know how to start over with all the mess going on as I'm living at an overseas county on my own without any money/job and with anxiety that I may one day return back home due to my criminal record.


I just need a hug at this point
I am so tired.
I know people don’t hate me, it’s my mind lying to me.
I know my mind lies to me but honestly I am so tired.
I know I should just call someone up but honestly I am not really gonna kill my self anytime soon this week so I don’t want to wake them up at 12 am just because I felt useless and worthless and like they hate me but they somehow are stuck with me cause I have alcohol and other connections for them to get high and party.
I can’t even let myself call them my friends now cause honestly I know myself, I am not gonna let them get near me and even if they do I am gonna run away.
I am so exhausted of being alone and feeling like every single person who sees me, hates me that I just can’t do this alone.
Honestly, I miss the days when I had the guts to suicide. I wish my first OD actually killed me instead of me puking tf out.
I don’t even know what’s true anymore. Was my mom even abusive or was I just an over sensitive kid or it was just normal for all parents to be like that?
But hey I keep remembering the first time I wanted to kill my self (or that I remember of). I was 5 years old, it was my sister’s birthday. All the cousins were there and my aunts and uncles. My sister used to always hit me (and she is 2 years younger than me) and that day she tripped infront of everyone in the family because she and I were playing a game and running.
I don’t even know why my dad scolding me (for something I didn’t do) made me want to die so badly.
I remember the day my sister had to go to doctor because of a trap I set up for my mother, so she could stop hurting me and possibly be injured enough to stop making me want to kill myself.
I don’t even know why but I have always hated myself and wanted to kill myself. It’s all I remember. The earliest memory of me being suicidal is when I was 5 years old, I am almost 19 now and I just hope I had done it correctly atleast once because now I can’t attempt anymore. I am too tired for that. I can’t do that again.
So I am just forced to exist, I am addicted to cutting once again, I am addicted to smoking also. But hey atleast I reduced the drinking to numb everything out.


I was really thinking about stopping today and then that song move along by the all American rejects played
Haha I feel corny for having that wave of relief wash over me.


I should've gotten cancer instead of my aunt
My aunt loved life more than anyone I know. Every day was met with a smile, a new adventure, something to look forawrd to, even on her deathbed she was smiling as long as she could. She never once complained that this awful disease was taking away her comfort, her ability to walk, her ability to talk, literally everything from her.
She's been gone for almost 4 months and life is so much darker without her, no one is the same, nothing feels the same, nothing feels worth it.
I just wish it would've been me. I don't value my life, I'd give it to her in an instant if given the option, she brought so much joy and laughter to others, its not fucking fair that she had to die and I'm sitting here, healthy, wishing every day for some kind of accident or disease to take me out so I don't have to do it myself. She didn't deserve the untimely end she was dealt, and I don't deserve the healthy body I was given.
I've reached out to my boyfriend, friends, and family looking for support, I've either been left on read or given an "I'm sorry" before being left on read. I'm running out of steam and its growing increasingly obvious that I would be less of an inconvenience six feet underground.


Conflicted about getting help
I finally told someone about how much I’m struggling. They said they’ll take me to the hospital if I want, and I’m conflicted. I want to fall in love with life again, but I’m also just so tired. I have no drive or will to try to make anything better — I’m in massive amounts of debt, I’m alone in most aspects of my life, and I’m more of a drain on society than anything else.
I have a plan, if I decide to go through with it. If I don’t, I have 0 plan of how to go on. I’m tired, and anxiety is a constant pit in my chest. I just want it all to stop. I have BPD too, so I’ll always just end up being toxic and maybe even abusive if I go on.
I have 12 hours to decide. I don’t really have anything to live for outside of being completely terrified of death.
Has anyone else made this decision one way or another?


anyone else preparing yourself for suicide?
throwing away my shit, cleaning my stuff and planning and getting ready to die.


Losing everything
Going into highschool I had the mindset that everything was gonna get better, I lost 60 pounds freshmen year because I wanted to start a new chapter of my life with new friends, new experiences, and just overall be happier and that’s how it went for the first two years I had partied for the first time ever and made memories that I’ll never forget. Once I neared the end months of my junior year, most of my friends had gotten in some sort of trouble that landed them out of the school but that didn’t bother me at the time since I had just gotten into a relationship with the girl I loved more than anyone and things were good but after 8 months or so I started realizing all the friends I had lost and felt lonely and I assumed it would’ve passed but the feeling grew and grew but I always suppressed it now it’s more than a year later, two months before my girlfriend and Is two year anniversary and I just broke things off because I didn’t  feel like myself anymore we fight we bicker all the time and I felt  numb I felt so secluded and lonely after those initial 8-10 months and now I’m stuck, I go to a small school with about 400 kids, I know everybody but I’m not close with anyone anymore, I’m in multiple classes with my girlfriend and many of my classes have assigned seating which makes it hard to move anywhere else as seats are primarily taken, I really don’t feel like I can continue going to class and to school and seeing her, I still have so much love for her but in my state it’s not healthy and now I feel like just ending it all


Been thinking tonight about how I’d want to die
I’ve attempted suicide a few times when I was younger and it never went anywhere, mainly because I was a dumb kid without the resources to get anything done efficiently. I think it would be ideal to die by alcohol poisoning. I love alcohol. I’m definitely someone who can handle liquor in large quantities. It would be cheap, painless, and quiet. No damage done to my body externally. If I survived, I’m sure I wouldn’t even remember what had happened. I’m an average-sized woman, so physically it wouldn’t take as much to kill me as a man. It’s nice thinking of how peaceful it would be. Suicide can be so violent. Sometimes when you start drinking, you just can’t stop, you know?


I hate my life as a short man.
I don't give a fuck what other say about our life not being that hard.
I've fucking lived it. I'm a racial minority as well but being short has caused me far more problems. It amazes me how people downplay being short when I'd much rather be a tall black guy than a short white guy.
We get treated like shit. We are undesirable to woman and they only settle with us conditionally. We can never be loved the same we love women.


I almost did it and I probably will
I had the pills in my mouth, I almost swallowed them until my one friend told me they loved me. They are one of my best friends and mean a lot to me. This all started because one of my now ex best guy friends, decided to assume things. I had accidentally found his Reddit account on a post back in the summer and started talking with him. I'd had mentioned I was in love with my best guy friend and these two boys are so similar it's uncanny. But he assumed I was talking about him and called me a stalker and blocked me on everything. I tried to explain, he wouldn't even read the apology I had my friend send. He kicked me out of his life without letting me explain. It's mostly my fault for making it seem like my best guy friend went to the same school as me, but he doesn't. He's a year older and lives across the state. He likes my best friend he goes there too.
We've been friends since we were kids. He stopped talking to me as much as he usually did and I knew it was because of my friend. She had been talking about him a lot lately and was super happy. Today they started dating and I was crying but also insanely happy for them. Then my friend decided he'd assume things and broke my heart even more.
I'm done with this shit. I thought the person I've been confiding in was a stranger and that I could tell them anything. Apparantly I can't trust people. I hope everything goes well for everyone else, because I might not be breathing next week.
Please don't assume anything, it destroys people if you assume something, get mad, call them shit, then block them on everything, refusing to read their apology.
If he ever reads this if he unblocks me, I'm sorry and I will forever be out of your life.


I just don’t understand what my purpose is
All I do is sit around in my free time. I’m in a marketing job where I’m supposed to promote a company that I don’t believe in. I don’t have a relationship, so I’m not living for anyone else. I have a large family, so it won’t matter if I’m gone. What am I supposed to do? I should’ve been dead a long time ago.


I wish I had the guts to try again
This is not a story, or anything. I just really needed to vent, and I figured I'd do it where no one will pity me.
I'm just so tired of this world.
I've known the feeling of wanting to die for half of my life. It still took me a while to realize I was clinically depressed, and when I did I just started surrounding myself with people. People were my coping mechanism. I'd be around my friends long enough to numb my depressive feelings. And I always acted like such a damn happy girl — it's not hard for me to laugh, and I'm constantly smiling, so no one ever knew something was wrong unless I explicitly told them.
Over the years I started letting it fade a little. I'd make random commentaries here and there. Everyone knew I was depressed, but no one knew to what extent. I'd still be a very lively girl, a people pleaser, and because of that most people didn't believe me when I told them.
Then I did it.
I felt death in my guts a year ago, and was hospitalized for that. I remember those days as if they were part of a fever dream;  I remember trying to speak and not being able to say a single full word, I remember people crying over me and I remember the horrible, horrible feeling of having failed. Failing had always been my worst fear. The only reason why I hadn't done it before. I had had the pills hidden for a long, long time, but I was too scared to take them and survive.
I came back to college exactly five days later, as if nothing had happened — I talked to everyone, I laughed like usual, I took my notes in class. A normal day. I shouldn't even be able to walk, but I'm already constantly trying so hard to make it seem like everything is okay, so what's a little more?
But I'm so tired of all this.
I just can't deal with this anymore. I feel like I have no personality of my own. What hasn't yet been consumed by depression is just the character I made to please everyone around me. I don't know who or what I am. I try so hard to help others so they don't feel as helpless as me, and I feel like such a hypocrite when I do it. It feels like no one around me can stand me at all. It feels like they've all realized how terribly fake this whole deal is, and they all get annoyed by it. I tried so hard my whole life, and I doubt anyone likes me in the slightest, even if they all act like it. I hate every single thing about myself, and I feel like everyone else does, too.
It's been a full year since my attempt, and I'd be ready to get more than just a taste of death, if only I wasn't a fucking coward who's too scared of failing for the second time.


Please someone out there listen to me! Talk to me! :(
I posted my rant yesterday but I got no response :(
I'll cut it short:
I am currently unemployed, lonely, depressed, with zero social life ( social isolation ), single and staying home since three years. I'm suicidal every single day and it is only increasing exponentially. I have tried every method to cope up but this drudgery recurs over time. It's been over 2 decades since I'm depressed in general. It's been about 3 years since social isolation. I've been home since then.
Social life:
I've been bullied all through my life. I've been bullied when I was a kid, laughed at, hit in my nuts. I vividly remember how kids would make fun of me. Even in graduation I had friends who bullied me big time. I don't know if it's my " be good and do good " nature but I ended up getting bullied at school, high school, graduation and pretty much everywhere I went.Because of this I got into drugs, smoking and alcohol but thankfully I'm away from them since 4ish years.
I even got bullied by kids many times. One kid hit me in the nuts once, one kid acted liked doing so, one kid embarrassed me calling me an idiot, and a bunch of kids bullied me in the apartment where I live when I was playing cricket with them. For godsake, I don't and didn't know how to react. They're kids. Anything I'd say would hurt them.
I also got bullied by my best friends, the people I meet wherever I go and also my crush ( recently ). Because of this I've kind of developed PTSD of having social interactions. I'm scared of the real world. I know there are amazing people out there.
I must also confess that because of this, I also ( unintentionally ) bullied people, was mean to them, got into fights etc. I could never have stable relationships and had to keep breaking myself from them. I thought this to be an escape mechanism. But I acknowledge that I also bullied people. It was just a reaction to someone else because of someone else.
I could never and will never be able to connect with people ever again.
Work life:
As I said, I can never connect with people. I'm fickle minded because I question the environment I'm in. I quit my job within 4 days because I was all alone in that world. ( I had to leave my city ) I couldn't connect with the people there.
My goal:
I honestly don't know what my goal is because whatever I do I end up failing. I failed in 10 entrance exams straight in a row. In the last exam I wrote, I got 1.4% despite studying for 4 months. I tried my best to be positive.
My attempts to get better: Its not like I didn't try. I tried therapy, psychiatry, counselling etc. over the years. It did help me but I'm back in the loop all over again. In fact, I must also say that I'm a hardcore meditator and that kind of eases the pain. Imagine the trauma I'm going through despite mediating for an hour everyday.
I honestly don't see myself anywhere in near future. I have failed at everything in life. I have no friends, I'm single, no purpose, get bullied wherever I go etc. I really really want to end this drudgery. There's no one I can ever talk to. I don't know why this has/had to happen with me. Can't I just be nice and the world accept me the way I am? I don't even have anyone to share my stuff with except my dad although he also believes I'm just "self hypnotizing".
Thank you for reading till here, you kind person.
Till eternity and beyond,
Yours,
another lost soul on earth.


this is a stretch and not really an opinion of mine, but i kinda feel like the corona virus is a little bit exciting
this is a stretch and not really an opinion of mine, but i kinda feel like the corona virus is a little bit exciting, at the same time of it being OBVIOUSLY a terrible disaster, and what i mean exactly is reading about different countries it has spread to, but my main feeling is sadness
AND BEFORE ADMIN DELETES: I post this in this group because i feel a little bit that it has to do with me being depressed.
to be completely 100% honest, i do have suicidal thoughts sometimes, and i'm scared to kill myself, so if i got the virus and died... then you figure out the rest


I had a failed attempt six years ago, I still can’t use half of my right hand.
I’ve always been a cutter, but in October 2013 I went gangbusters and cut myself so deeply that I was in the hospital for days and will likely never recover full use of my hand ever again.
My boyfriend found me and rushed me to the ER; I’ve done a lot in the passing years, but have never overcome my suicidal nature and somewhat resent him saving me.
Not only do I have to live with the guilt and shame of failing at suicide, but those original feelings have never subsided. In fact, I think they’ve festered and grown. I don’t think I’ll ever be capable of real happiness ever again.
Oddly, I care very much about all of you, but can’t seem to muster the same appreciation for myself. I feel like there’s a storm coming.


I wanna improve but I’m stuck as a pervert
I’m 20 and I’m a pervert I’ve never done anything with a girl so I’ve turned to more perverted (not illegal) things that make me hate myself still I should kill myself I just wanna talk to someone about it


I hate my life
It feels like every single time i get in a good place and my life is stable, something happens. Whether it be my dad being mentally and emotionally abusive, my mom choosi what's best for her over me because of personal problems, an entire friend group dropping me, my girlfriend relapsing, or even her attempting again. When I was younger I accidentally built an immunization to a type of pill. I just hate my life. I dont see any future for me. I normally float around here and comment but it feels so terrible right now. I'll normally write a poem about how I feel and share it to someone but I have been dealing with so much lately that I can't. I hate my parents for bringing me into this world and the only thing keeping me alive most the time is how I'll cause too much pain. Maybe if I wasn't such an extrovert it would make it a lot easier. I use meme subreddits to help me escape from this shitty world and have humor


Why are we looked down upon
Hi im 15 right now. I just hate myself during the school day i don't talk to people i forget what my voice sounds like. I do this because i just feel like when i talk i never say the right and i always offend or hurt someone. I feel lonely and just want hope that i will find someone that would love me in the future but i look at myself and realize i don't have any chance of that. People say i should have a higher opinion but the people who say that don't know what its like to look like me. I look at the world around me and i don't see any hope there. Global warming and all the shit that has happened in 2020 so far. I feel like no matter how much i will try i will fail. The stuff i want to do like YouTube and drawing i suck at. I cant draw at all and when i do draw something i hate it. I sound like a 70 year old man so i cant even record myself also to even get equipment for stuff like that is impossible. I want to go to college and be a marine biologist but every time i mess up in school  i feel like i have failed my chances of going. I feel bad and then i read stuff from other people directed towards people like me who feel bad all the time saying stuff like how im suffering is not even that bad or something and then it makes me feel terrible for feeling bad so then when i feel bad for reading that it gets worse than i see something like that again and its like a cycle of self abuse. I want to do things but after a long day of trying my best to get the best grades im mentally and physically worn out and i will get home with no energy. I hear people stories about being an adult and feel like i have no chance of succeeding in life. The only thing that is keeping me from ending it is because of how it will affect my family and my dogs.


Goodbye
I'm being left home alone tomorrow so I'm going to do it then. I'm tired of holding on I'm just going to let go. But first I want to thank everyone that tryed to help me on this sub Reddit. This will be the last time you will see me on hear Goodbye.


I’m so tired of everything
This is just a rant so don’t expect it to make sense but I just feel like it’s time now,..I’m at the point where I don’t really care if it’ll get better or how my family or friends would feel if I killed my self....I’m tired of the way I’m treated by my everyone, I hate that I can never tell anyone what’s going on. I’m tired of being tired, I just don’t care about anything anymore.... I feel like I’m ready to just do it...the only thing I feel like so  I need to do is at least spend the coming weekend  my family and then when I’m backstage college I’ll probably do it


My friend might commit suicide tomorrow, is there anything else I can do?
Hi everyone,
Earlier today my friend tweeted that he plans to commit suicide tomorrow by slitting his wrists. I've known him for years online, but I don't have any way to help him in person because I don't know anything about him (he has always kept his age/name private). He unfollowed everyone on his twitter account, so I'm not able to contact any of his friends etc. I've replied to his tweet, but that's really the only thing I've been able to do. I'm at a loss at the moment and terrified that his parents are going to find him dead tomorrow if I don't do something. Any advice is greatly appreciated.


Only breakup ever and feel like I have nothing left
I just had my first break over ever, but wait there’s more!! She was my first first girlfriend, took each others v cards, and she was my ever kiss... I’m having the hardest moment of my life. I’ve broken an arm, 2 ribs at the same time, and almost tore everything in my ankle. But this is by far the worst pain I’ve ever in my life have experienced. I want her back so bad, but I know she didn’t want me... she’s already fucked one guy and there is a guy over there tonight. I can’t get her off my mind at all.... I’ve never experienced anything like this in my life.


i’ve finally decided to do it
even anticipating it has relieved me of so much pain. it’s so simple. i’m just trying not to think about who may find me.


Nothing matters in the end. As soon as i can find it, im overdosing on heroin.
I think that’s a fitting end to this bittersweet experience.  When I get a chance later Ill post a little synopsis of why in the comments.  i just needed to get it off my chest.


I'm so tired. I just want to talk to someone who doesn't know me
I'm so tired and I've had a rlly bad night (I kinda nrly died and idk I still might) so I might b kinda weird


anybody..
I think one of the worse parts about depression and wanting everything to end is the fact you get stuck and weighed down by your thoughts every single day; into a rut and you just end up scraping through day by day, night by night not really existing, like you're physically here but mentally so far away and it just seems like everything is just so unrealistic.. even when you try your hardest to get out of that rut something shitty always happens and you end up stuck there.. 1 step forwards 2 steps backwards. It's been 15 months, I've locked myself away it even got to the point where I started to hear stuff and be paranoid because I've spent that long being alone, I have to wear my headphones for extended periods of time throughout the day just so I don't start going crackers.. I feel like the only way I can get out is to kill myself or have someone screaming motivating shit into my ear but of course that'll never happen because the only person who can help you is yourself. But of course my energy is non existent and even getting out of bed is painfully draining. I wake up tired, i'm too tired to shower, i'm too tired to exercise and i'm painfully unfit when I try, the mountain just feels too high from my reach. I'm too tired to dress and even when I do, i'm truly fed up of the same shit. I just genuinely don't know which way too turn, one day I want to get my self sorted and the next my energy is just zapped and I cant even get dressed. I'm so so fed up, I feel like its only a matter of time before this is all over


I can't wait any longer
4 Years ago. I attempted suicide by hanging, it failed. I did it Because I'm a failure. because I have been endlessly harassed and bullied for being so fucking worthless to society ever since the days of junior high. In the end, I was motivated purely by my hatred for the twisted irritating people in my life who aspired for me to do this, People who BEGGED me to kill myself. (Almost my entire grade in school) Because then I started thinking "This is what they want.... If I do this they win"
So I stayed. And i told nobody what I was thinking. and I tried fighting. It went........ ok for a while. I figured if I pushed myself to the limit in school I can get a good enough education to escape this horrific place I live in. Thats all I wanted. To be free from this hell hole of a town in Canada. But the problem is that I literally am worthless and stupid. I studied non stop and obtained perfect attendance across all my years of high school. And it meant NOTHING. i barely passed most classes and all the teachers say I'm a lost cause at this point. I'm at the last year of high school and just failed the math course and I am once again being berated by every single student and teacher. How fucking pathetic of me. These last 4 years have been a  waste of my time. I should have done it long ago. I see now that it's not that they all win. Its that they were right. I'd rather be dead than to spend the rest of my life in this horrific town anyways. The only thing stopping me right now is that i don't know how I'm gonna do it.


At train station
I’m done


Planning to end myself around March or April
I've always been waiting,for my time to come,but it never did,I've always been a burden to someone else,i feel like this world and everyone would be better without me
Been dealing with depression n anxiety disorder my whole life,never have the guts to actually end myself because of a dumbest fucking reason,i strongly believe in hell's existence,and i know for sure I'll go to hell if i commit suicide,that's literally the only thing that has been keeping me alive after all these years,i wanna die so badly,but i think i already made up my mind,I've been planning where n when to die,there's a virus going around in my country,i really do hope i get one,so at least i know my expiration date
I don't really have someone to talk to about suicidal stuff,even with my girlfriend,im not comfortable enough to talk about my problems with her,especially my depression and my whole suicidal issues,I already helped several people with depression and still do until now,i talked with one of my friend who is also feeling suicidal lately,told my girlfriend about this,and the vibe i got from her,she doesn't seems too concerned about it at all,at one point she even said,she'll get tired or get bored if someone keeping telling her that they wanted to die or feeling suicidal,this makes me even more positive im not being able to talk to her about my issues,she once also said to me that it's tiring to deal with someone with depression,she said she's not concerned or not even worry that i would actually kill myself because she knows i don't have the guts to do it
She was right though,I've been really useless for these past 3 years being together with her,im in college,i quit my previous job on the first year at the end of the semester because there's too much stuff to do and i wont be able to have time for her since we are in a long distance relationship,but then on the second year,things got really worse since my family financial is unstable and i wanted to find a job but none calls back,i can't even pass the easiest motorcycle writing test,i gained weight even more than i was before starting to lose weight,my depression only got even worst medical help doesn't seem to work,I've been a burden to everyone,my girlfriend,my family,my friends,im just nothing
If i have to talk about my past history,i could write a novel,all i can say is,i came from a broken family and i don't wanna be sent back to my country,so i really need to keep studying on school and once i graduate,i have to find a job in order to stay here at Taiwan,i would rather die than being sent back to my country,it was just that bad,and now,im on my third year in college,still useless,im just getting more and more eager to die,the urge to just jump off the bridge or jump off the railways is getting more and more stronger each day,im getting tired of living,i hope i could die sooner,i dont wanna wake up anymore,call me a fucking snowflake or can't live under a pressure or anything like that,i dont really care anymore,i am everything that what I've just said
I hope i can find my own death in peace


I'm just stuck in a loop
Every day I wake up wishing I was dead, I go to school and have no idea what the fuck I'm doing there so I get frustrated then I realize I'm not paying attention so I try to then I still don't get it after asking for help or whatever, so then I think about dropping out and just doing whatever I want, and guess what if it doesn't work out I can just kill myself. Either that or I have a good day which is rare, but then I'll end up having to work or not get to do the few things I enjoy because after school I just want to lay on the couch for hours. Anxiety over random things kill me, bus rides, hearing about injuries, sitting in the same place for too long, possibility of being injured randomly.. hell I had a really bad panic attack out of nowhere one night because I thought my appendix would burst randomly. I spent an hour trying to distract myself by watching a comedian and watcjing a little breathing pattern video while my whole body shook and my heart was bursting out of my chest..it was so scary and I felt like I was gonna die. I have nobody to talk to about this stuff, my parents hate me, I have no real friends, the only girl I ever had spent all of 2019 treating me like shit until I dumped her stupid ass and would literally get mad at me when I would tell her about my problems. I've wanted to die on and off since I was 11. My whole life up until recently I was ridiculed for every little thing I did and how I just wasn't like other boys my age and didn't conform to everything. I liked art and not sports, so I must be gay right? No, I just have a useful talent that might have a future one day. I wouldn't know though, how am I supposed to care about school when I'll probably be dead and gone as soon as I can get my hands on a gun? I just need someone who cares about me, even then I'm definitely killing myself within the next 5 years


This is it
I’m at the train tracks. This is it. I sent my last text message to the girl who broke my heart. Texted my teammates and my coach. And left a note for my parents. I feel at peace knowing it will all be over soon. I’m sorry guys. Too much pressure. Too much anxiety and heartbreak. I couldn’t stand to watch the girl I loved that I fucked it up with love someone else. Goodbye friends


I want to do it just because I think other people will be happy if I do.
Title says it all.


The Signs Are Everywhere
I posted here for the first time last night and stayed up all night responding, digging myself deeper into a hole.
Then today, a bunch of bad things happen at once?? It's a sign, you gotta take it as a sign at this point! I'm DESTINED to kill myself soon,  the universe knows and it wants me to get it over with. I'm wasting oxygen.


Absolutely nothing to live for
My entire day consists of waking up, being bored in school all day, and then sitting on my computer for 8 hours. I have no friends, no hobbies, and no ambition. I haven't even gotten a text message from anyone except my parents in months. I feel like I'm just existing, and not really living.
My life isn't leading up to anything. At this point, it feels like my only option is suicide. The only reason I'm not dead yet is because I don't have a method of killing myself.


Well, this is fun
Completely empty, lonely, hearing voices, seeing things, probably have some dissociative disorder, and yet I don’t really care.
Also, parents taking my phone at night so I can’t talk to my girlfriend, who right now is the only person that i actually do want to talk to. Welp, who tf cares, I’ll probably just end up killing myself anyways


I cant stand waking up every day and decided to go with suicide by dehydration
im sorry r/hydrohomies


Killing myself today
It’s done for me. There’s no hope.


Just want some support
I'm in the middle of a very rough week.  I have severe chronic depression and equally severe anxiety.  A few things happened between me, my partner, and my friends (all separate incidents).  Even though its been resolved, I went back to self harm, something I havent done in years and I'm now slipping back into a pit of suicidal thoughts I'm afraid I'll act on.  Normally, I can move past these thoughts, but this is the worst I've been and I don't trust myself anymore.  I don't have a plan, but I'm considering it.  I just want encouragement from someone I don't know because I'm afraid of messing it up with the people I care about.


I want to make it look like accidental so I don't hurt those who I love
My thoughts are getting the better of me once again, I've been on the strugle for far too long. Everyday is a battle and I feel like my life is basically just postponing suicide. At this point every slight inconvenience just makes me go crazy and wish I was dead. I'm so weak to the point I can't handle any issue and I can't solve shit. My mental health is so wasted it's starting to affect me physically. All I wish was that I could end it in a way that looked like an accident. My parents pay for therapy and really try to help me but still I'm so fucking useless I can't improve. They are the only reason I'm still here and I absolutely don't want to hurt them.


Don't know what happiness actually feels like anymore.
I don't even know if I've ever felt what others consider to be "happiness" before. Nothing really makes me feel any other emotion other than sadness these days. All these pills do is give me the amount of energy needed to occasionally get up and have a shower, but that's about it. I just turned 19, so my therapist dropped me. I've gotta pay up now.
I want hobbies but I'm too stupid to actually learn new things. All music does is upset me nowadays because it's something I wish I could create for myself, but I'm too dumb. I've always been incredibly stupid, it's a trait I kind of became known for in school. That and my and unsightliness and social ineptitude. I still have all those traits. Nothing's changed over the years.
I'm too fucking stupid to get a job, but needless to say I'm going to have to sooner or later. I just don't see the point in living if all there is in life is working a job you hate to scrape barely enough money to get you by. It seems especially pointless if you have absolutely zero interests like me. All I do with my life is play video games and listen to music, and both bore me now. What's even more pathetic is you'd think the 12 or more hours a day I spend playing games would make me become good at them, but nope. I can't even have something as meaningless as that going for me.
It also seems as though there's no reason to keep breathing if you know you're going to spend the rest of your life alone. I've asked what joy there is to be found in life if you're never going to find any kind of love or friendship, and I never receive any real answers. Just people saying that I can't know that for sure. Yeah, sure. Trust me, if you could see how I interact with other people in person and saw my face, you'd agree with me. I mean I can't even find online communities that I fit into. All I do is piss people off there too.
I couldn't even finish fucking high school so there's no way I'll ever finish college. Even if I did, there's no jobs that actually sound appealing to me anyhow. I'll just be stuck working retail the rest of my life. Assuming I could even score a job doing that.
Just so fucking boring. If I don't feel completely numb then I'm crying.


Depression has been hitting me so much harder recently
I’ve been trying to kill myself recently but can’t bring myself to do it, even tho I still dream of dying. I get that everyone goes through a time in their life when they’re usually very sad or suicidal, but I’ve been feeling this way for over a year now and it’s now hitting me really hard. I’ve been cutting myself and crying a lot recently, so Idk what to do anymore. I have a kinda dark past imo. Ik this is probably different from what you all are used to reading, but if anyone has actually read this, please help. Goodbye


Just not sure how to continue this cycle.
I AM NOT A DOWN PERSON, AT LEAST I HAVEN'T BEEN. I KEEP THE ENERGY HIGH, KEEP THE HYPE UP, AND I PICK UP THOSE AROUND ME.
So to give you a complete run down. The last decade has really kicked my ass and here is where I am at.
Before we get to "you brought a lot of this on yourself" I know that. I just don't know how to get out of it.
This last decade I have really fucked up my situation.
Got my now WIFE pregnant early and dropped out of college to take care.
I'm in debt 65k (student loans and other bad money decisions)
I'm in constant pain due to a back injury at the gym. Cant even put a sock on in the morning
I'm married but feel like my wife kind of resents me because of where we are financially and the lack of ability for us to (responsibly) have kids due to the lack of funding
wife and I dealt with a miscarriage.
I feel like my son is feeling a lot of the stresses to by lashing out at home
When I tell you I am living paycheck to paycheck. Its down to the penny.
Constant anxiety
I've gained 70 pounds due to stress eating and not being able to work out due to the injury
got my car repo'd
I'm fucking balding
Took this stupid fing telesales job which can be lucrative but I am struggling might get fired due to performance and I commute an hour a day
MOST IMPORTANTLY MY FAMILY THAT RAISED ME IS SLOWLY FADING DUE TO ILLNESS AND AGE.
I'M NOT A WOE IS ME PERSON, I'M THE EMPATH. I HAVE PICKED PEOPLE UP AND HELPED THEM ON THEIR FEET. I FEEL LIKE I CAN NO LONGER BE POSITIVE. CANT TAKE MY OWN ADVICE.
I feel trapped, I feel alone.
I have a non-profit in my area that helps kids in bad situations.My buddy and started it through urban arts and teaching these kids to take control. I CANT EVEN DO THIS MYSELF.
I throw and host local events and I enjoy them but doesnt bring in any money so my wife isnt a fan with me doing it. Which I get in our current situation.
I am tired.
All I want to do is sit on the phone/watch tv all day. Every day is a bit harder to get up.
I want to hit the reset button or not participate in the bull shit cycle of "LIFE" I am over it. I have people depending on me though, COULD I EVER REALLY END IT. PROBABLY NOT. BUT, LET ME SAY I HAVE NEVER FELT ANY CLOSER TO CONSIDERATION.
IT MAY SOUND WEIRD THE KOBE SITUATION REALLY MADE TO STEP BACK FROM IT ALL THOUGH. BUT, REALITY SMACKED THAT MONDAY MORNING WITH A PERFORMANCE REVIEW ON MY DESK WHEN I GOT TO WORK.
ANYBODY BEEN IN A SIMILAR SITUATION WHAT DID YOU DO ?


IM SO HAPPY Y AHA HAAH
oh I can't wait, to stream my suicide, I really can't wait, time is ticking so fast,  I've seen so many miseries and death to the point where I'm completely numb to it, I've seen is world for what it really is, people encouraging me to kill myself, "Do it" "I bet you won't", it all seems so kind that people actually notice my existence for once, oh what great friends I have, such pitiful creatures, I can't wait to let them watch my neck slice open for them all to see while smiling at them with bright smile, I can't wait for that lingering pain to flow through my body, I can't wait for my parents to come home seeing their daughter on the floor rotting  while maggots slowly devour her body, ahhshahhshshsahahaaaha i rea llyy can
't waity


Im thinking about ending it all
I have just got out of the hospital last month after being there for 4 months. Cps took custody away from my mom because i wasnt going to school. After i got help and was feeling good after going to the hospital cps still had custody but let me live with my mom. I begged them to put me in online school because i have severe anxiety issues and they won't. My cps case worker said shes coming to get me tomorrow at 8:30 am. Id rather be dead then be taken away from my family again. I dont know what to do. I just want to die and im thinking about just doing before they take me.


Coming up on 8 more years.
I'm almost 22, since I was 17 I've thought about suicide regularly. I've told myself that if I do kill myself it will be at age 30. I'm usually happy, and try to be positive around good people I've surrounded myself with. I've hid this mindset from everyone besides a cousin who I trust. I am not afraid to do it, I've planned out how I'm going to kill myself if it comes down to it.
Growing up I had ADHD, learning disability and severe short term memory loss, I took medications and knew from a young age something was wrong with me. School was always rough, I hated it. I had been put in resource learning, and it really affected my confidence because I knew I had a label put on me. I tried my best in school but it was extremely hard, and the medications suppressed my appetite and I never wanted to eat, so I lost tons of weight.
Anyways fast forward a bit, when I was just barely 13 I watched my mom die at the hospital. It was severely tragic for me because I trusted my mom more than anyone in the world, it's hard for me to really remember life shortly after that because I didn't really eat much and days just passed. I had just gotten into middle school and didn't care to try and I hated school, I really fucking hated it. I struggled through 7th grade and made it into 8th. This is where I really just started to become a fucking asshole.
Once I got into HS, I got heavily into drinking liquor to curb any pain and distract myself from my insecurities. I took pride in being able to drink the most and getting the most fucked up, all while my mental health steadily declined and I started to become very suicidal at this point. My memory was wrecked, I can't remember little details to this day and it's destroyed my confidence because I'm sick and fucking tired of looking like a fucking retard all the time. I started to become very emotionally unstable and thought about killing myself quite regularly, I was extremely depressed and had social anxiety in big groups especially school.
I started to become nice to people and made a lot of really solid friends who were good influences on me, but I also had the opposite friends. After HS I cut contact with a good portion of people and haven't really known what I've wanted to do for awhile. So I enrolled into different things and have switched my major twice. Currently in the Radiology Tech program at school.
My memory has not recovered since. I've tried medications, working out + changing to healthy diets, memory training, etc. It's quite embarrassing living like this, I've learned to hate myself a bit and my learning disability has followed with. I forget things extremely fast and it has wrecked my confidence, it honestly makes me want to blow my head off with one of my guns. I don't like talking to people anymore, which is something I used to enjoy. I don't want people to know who I am anymore because I fucking hate myself.
I don't like making friendships anymore because I have been told many times that I am very forgetful. Being told that actually makes me want to shoot myself in the head because I fucking know. I know, I sound like a bitch. And to be honest I don't really care anymore, I want to die. I've put my death a little bit ahead just in case I find a reason I want to live. I hate living with this, I wish I would have turned out normal. Sorry for the rant, I dont actually give a fuck what people say on here because nothing you say will change my mind, I give myself until 30 in hopes I find peace with my life and a will to live.


please read help 20F
i am 3 semesters away from graduating college with a business degree but i hate everything about my major. i used to try so hard in school. i used to never give up. what's the point if i hate my life and no one to share with. not to sound like a jerk i know i have no real life experience. but i've been through so much pain and depression since i was a kid. i hate my life, my friends hate me are sick of me crying all the time. i am always afraid one day i will lose every last one and really have no one to talk to. i hate all of my classes  and i am already struggling outside of college. i hate the business world and my anxiety is through the roof. should i drop out? i struggle to sleep and wake up in the morning, suicidal thoughts 24/7 and my mental health has never been worse. i changed my major 3 times (was originally in the sciences) and settled on business because i just wanted to get out of the school as fast as possible, college has been the most isolating and sobering experiences of my life. i go to a commuter school with nontraditional aged students for financial affordability reasons and i feel so alone. if i drop out now, i lose my scholarship. but i hate my major more than anything. if i drop out i know i am never going back. i will have no debt if i drop out. but i will have no  degree either... i had a chance to save my life but i turned it down. i self sabotage everything. everything feels like a lie. i don't want my life, i sound so ungrateful but if i have to fight invisible battle my whole life i want out of this misery. not getting any better it's gotten significantly worse. my dad says he wants to call an ambulance every week, i go into hysterical crying every night. like wailing. for hours. i'm just so sad  and i can't even get out of it for even a day. even in sleep it's getting so bad. i wake up at night jumping out of my skin, no rest fees like enough. i survived twice in the summer. i don't know what to do anymore it feels like the last remaining breaking points because all i had going for me at this point schedule-wise was school and my job. i thought i was too young to feel so sad, everyone says these are supposed to be the best years. these have been my worst.
i'm only a few days into the semester and i break down every morning before school. i have to will myself to go. it takes everything in me lately to get out of bed and not cry. when i am there i constantly feel like crying in the bathroom because i am in the wrong classes and have no community i feel connected to in my 2 years of trying to find one at this school.
i was on antidepressants for months back in the summer and fall and i quit them in November. couldn't stand how numb they made me feel. i don't think they help. i think it's
placebo. medications aren't a solution to lost connection, despair and basic human needs. some people aren't meant for life.
today my dad said, "what happened to the daughter i raised? she was always beast mode and got everything done, so independent and now you just aren't there anymore.. what happened to my daughter? she's gone"
if i could do it over again i would have picked a profession that helps those with mental health, especially kids and young adults. i feel their pain.


The bad guy never wins.
These days are heavy. Not only with doubt and self resentment, but with responsibility and worry too. Suicide isn't hard to think or imagine about, but the word is like poison to everyones ears. I have tried my whole life to escape the stigmatism of me being garbage, due to my parents bad choices. I have not succeeded. I don't think i ever will, because in every picture i am the bad guy. I help my siblings strive for survival in a world that WANTS us gone. The emotional drain is so severe that some days i wonder if this is real. I don't even need drugs or alcohol to have an out-of-body experience; I'm detached every day. This message might seem chaotic, i apologise, but so are my thoughts at this time.
I know that if i died this night, tomorrows sun would rise all the same and the world would turn with it. So why does this all seem so pointless? Why does it all seem so surreal at times?
I get that my life could be worse- or so I'm told. But i don't live those lives, i live this one.
And in this life the bad guy doesn't win.


wish i could give my breath away
i wasn't supposed to be born. everything hurts in this life, sometimes more and sometimes less but an aching nonetheless. i know i wasn't supposed to be born. and i always knew i was going to die early. so i tried to make peace with it. sometimes when i try to meditate, brief flashes of where my life now is traced and where it is headed make the chest pain feel new. so many things i allow myself to ruin in conscious knowledge of it being a deliberate attempt to deepen my mental imprisonment and drive me to commit suicide. things that are supposed to give me peace or joy have exhausted their temporary effects on my deteriorating brain. i am no longer a human being anymore. to imagine a life in this invisible torment is no life at all. how badly i pray to Creator to take me home, i pray every night not to wake up. If i could give my life to a kid with cancer right now i would give anything. i am a living dead. i feel the same suicidal i did a year ago. i am crawling out of my skin. i don't know how much longer i can fight. i can barely stay awake anymore. i am stuck in the past. i can find nothing to hold onto. all i can see in my mind is my funeral and the ways i can get there


it's getting more overwhelming every time. I can't take anymore.
I don't know how much more I can really take. I failed two core classes and probably failed more, my rabbits dead, I have no friends, and my family doesn't understand me. My mom's girlfriend calls me a liar and a manipulator. Selfish like everyone else says I am. Plus the guilt of not saving my rabbits life is eating me up again. I don't think I really deserve life anymore and either way, it hurts too much to go on. I want to live but not in this life. Not like this.
My heart stings too much. How can I fight if I keep going down? They say you hit bottom and go up but my ups aren't that high and I always hit the ground again anyways.
I'm sorry


Today I attempted suicide, and I failed, and no one knows I tried to. Coming here for some love and support.
Hardest day of my life
My partner just left me last night. He was about to leave for a trip. But because of my BPD, this overwhelming fear and panic consumed me and I was pestering him so much. I was so scared he might leave that I drove him away. He really did leave and even blocked me.
I was trying to compose myself, get water. I stood up, blacked out, tripped on my own feet, and hit my head on a post. My head has been bleeding since. I should go to the doctor but I'm scared.
More importantly, I wont be able to use my phone in the hospital and I'm worried I might miss his text. I'm so stupid. Still hope, still waiting.
I'm just sitting here, shaking. My body is so cold that I can barely feel anything.
I feel so miserable and it hurts so much I can't even cry.
I'm so tired of myself, of life. I gave our relationship every effort and still didn't work out. I thought if I worked super hard for it, I finally won't be abandoned.
I feel so worthless. I suck so much. What is there to live for? I'm so sick of being sick. Tired from always being scared and anxious. I'm so disgusted of myself I feel like insects are crawling under my skin.
I just want to die. I want to sleep forever and never wake up. I'm so tired.


Good by
To those of you in my life who thought I was an infinite source of strength for you, thus is the result;
For those of you who never asked me if I was OK, this is the result;
For those of you who took my heart and spit on it, this is the result;
For those of you who thought I was impervious to pain, this is the result...


Extra, Extra! Read all about it! Transgender lowlife wants to die! 10 Shocking Secrets You’ve Definitely Heard Before!
To start things off, I am a minor; such a baby. I know. I am a Female-To-Male transgender dude, and life sucks. Dysphoria is like a kick in my nonexistent balls. Why do I have to live like this? It isn’t like I even want to die. I want everything to end.
Often, I think of ways to get people to hate me so they won’t be upset when I die. They’ll be relieved that some fucker got the courage to finally shut up. Forever. But then, I get guilty. Other people have it so much worse than I do, but no! I just need to go and whine because that’s what I do. I’m a bad person, I’m well aware. I just can’t give a fuck. If I do, it will overwhelm me.
Last year, I lost everyone and everything I once had. It really messed me up, my best friend, mom, dad, everyone. gone. I have since made new friends but I just can’t let anyone too close because I don’t want to go back to another fucking hospital. I need help, I know, but it isn’t the time.
My dad is crazy about money. We aren’t poor, he’s just delusional and narcissistic. My family needs me, because I am the responsible one. The one who grew up too fast. I had to get my mom help when she was manic last year, and she left. For months, it was just me trying my damn hardest to survive and help my family, but I can’t do this anymore.
They expect me to just pretend it never happened, but I saw all of everything. My dad is a functioning alcoholic, my mom is bipolar. I was the one to deal with her insanity. She would laugh herself to sleep and dance to songs she hated. She spent money recklessly. I had to call my grandparents to get her help. My stupid dad did NOTHING. He couldn’t get it through his thick narcissistic skull that REAL problems exist.
My best friend betrayed me. She knew I was dealing with self harm and overdoses, and told her toxic friend. They made me have trust issues; why I’m posting here instead of talking to someone. People online can’t hurt me. They can’t fucking push me farther to the edge than before, it’s all virtual.
How much longer? How much more can I take? I’m dying. I’m done. I don’t want to hurt anyone though. Yet I’m not sorry?


my new friend
A gun


frustrated
i dont want to endure the pain anymore, but im scared to die. what if i dont succeed with it, and i have to stay in the hospital for a while, and then my parents would find out about it too.
and what if i miss opportunities because i decided to end it too early.
i think i have an anxiety disorder, but i cant go to the doctor because then i would have to tell my parents about it.


New best friend
A gun


I want to be murdered
I’m putting it out there if there’s a murderer that would like a victim. I’ll be scared, part of me wants to live but the other part of me knows that I I don’t belong on this earth.


i dont see the point anymore
everything feels so empty and meaningleas. every tiny thing brings be unnecessary amounts of stress and anxiety. i dont want to talk to my friends because im afraid of being a burder or a bother, and i hate people being worried about me.
there's so many good things in my life, so why do i feel like this? why? i dont want to be alive anymore. i dont want to do anything anymore. i feel so hollow and gutted and trapped in my own head all the time, i just hate it. i hate it. im not good enough, im not smart enough, im not funny enough, im not pretty enough, im not likeable enough. nothing is good enough for me, nothing makes me happy, nothing makes me feel good.
what is the point? why the fuck am i here? to feel sad and bad all the time, make money, and then die?
why not just speed up the process, and skip all the pain and apathy. i dont know what to do right now.


Trying to relapse
My parents are ashamed of me being trans and now I’m in debt bc of my transition. Some lady came into my work today and told me my life is sinful and that she doesn’t support homosexuals. I had to go back to the cash register and pretend to be nice to all the customers misgendering me. My rent is late again. My landlord hates me. I wanna get really faded but I’m too broke to get high. I can’t even buy groceries. It’s like this every month when I have to pay rent. So tired of it. I feel like I let everyone down constantly. I hate being angry and hurt by others but then again I feel like I deserve it. I don’t know if I’m actually suicidal but I’m alone now going go to sleep and I hope I do t wake up.


Lost my best friend
Last night. No warning. Fucking hurts.


I've never felt so low in my life.
I got fired from my job in December they day after moving into my own place, after ending a two year relationship with someone I loved. We were too toxic for each other, me being more toxic then him, he didnt deserve any of it. I feel horrible for the way I treated him, and now he couldn't care less about me. I had to move back to my home state, he has my cat. I cant find a job. I feel like everyone is just tolerating me. If I can't get a job soon I think I might do something to myself, I'm so lost,  I'm broke, I feel guilty for borrowing money from people, I feel pathetic and worthless. I've lost the closest people in my life, and I feel like nobody would care at this point. I'm a waste of space.


What opioid/opiate is the most painless when ODing?
Been hearing a lot about accidental overdoses on opioids within the entertainment industry. So I was curious, when dying because of an opioids overdose, is it painful? If someone wanted to take their own life, what opioid would be easiest/quickest/most painless? And how much would you need to take? Fentanyl? Is anyone familiar with “pharmtrusted .net”? They sell Abstral (fentanyl sublingual) – is that the same thing?


I keep trying to die and don't want to tell anyone
I keep telling them I'm fine when I'm not. I sat under my running car for four hours and didn't die. I took 20 Tylenol pills and nothing. I tried hanging myself but all I got was a headache.
I have nothing. I've pissed off everyone I admired, I'm stuck at a dead end min wage job, all my hopes and dreams keep getting smashed just as they got close to being realized.
Why can't I just die? It's unfair to put me through this torment. Physical, sexual, and emotional abuse prevents me from ever feeling really happy no matter how many meds they put me on. There is no hope for me, I must be already dead and this is hell I'm forced to suffer for eternity.


I only keep living because of other people...
Not because I truly want to. I just don’t want my family to have to deal with the aftermath...Is that fair to me?


I don’t wanna be alive, but I don’t wanna kill myself..
I’m 20 years old and still don’t have my highschool
or anything going for me in life right now.
I have no friends cause I just don’t have any motivation to have a friendship, I wonder why I’m so lonely and don’t have anyone to talk to..
Literally haven’t talked to anyone in a couple months.
I just started a job, couple days ago and already about to lose it cause I just don’t have any motivation anymore in life, honestly now I got a job again I just to die, I hate working.. I don’t see a point in working for $12 a hour to barely pay your rent each month and car bills and food.
I told my parents I just want to die so I don’t have to live this type of lifestyle, but they keep telling me I need to try and see the real world and man up, but I just don’t care enough to and just want to be gone without a painful death but at the same time I’m just won’t but it’s feels like one day I might just end it all just to prove a point..
Sorry for posting here, just feel like I mess up everything and don’t have anywhere to say this..


I hate my life, I want to die
Hello everybody, I hate my life, I want to die, I want to sleep and don´t awake anymore. My life it´s a bullshit !. I hate me, because I am a coward, I want to die, but I am scare of suicide. I don´t know why are people that loves the life. This world is awful, I pray to Lord that give me a cancer. If I have a cancer, I think, I´ll be happy, If I have cancer, I´ll know that in few months I´ll die. I don´t know what to do, just I want to die.


Wrote out a rambly list of my problems cause i cant articulate when im talking and realised it read like a suicide note.
College just stresses me out and bores i dont think im stupid but either i jsut dont understand anything or im just not interested.
I just dont like anything i have no interest  in anything im always bored i have no ambition theres nothing i want out of life. I know i cant kill myself because i have friends and family and i dont want to hurt them. I know people care but i really truly wish they didnt cause it would things so much easier if i could just disappear. I just i wish i simply never existed. All i ever want to do or can think about is playing video games or reading to distract myself and have fun i guess and just not think about real life, but whenever ihave the time to just do that i just feel bored like its something i have to do like its way of just passing time until i can go to sleep i feel like i just want to sleep all the time im just always so TIRED in every sense. I used to think i was just lonely and if i had friends to hang out everything would be fine but i do now andim still not happy, i thought maybe having a girlfriend would fix it that being loved and not feeling inadequate that not feeling unwanted  would fix it but she just made me annoyed and frustrated all the time. ive talked about that with my friends and they all agree she was a pretty toxic partner and that it was the right move to break up with her and im completely over her by now but i feel like even i did end up in a healthy or supportive relationship id still just feel disinterested or frustrated or bored or empty. I thought for the longest while that my big problem was being a virgin, that it all just boiled down to me feeling like some fucking bitter incel who was upset that everyone else was in relationships and having sex and i was unwanted but when i did start having sex i was just so fucking bored. I dont know what i want i dont think i want anything, i lost my last job primarily from disinterest, i work hard because manual labour is one thing im good at i can just zone out and do similar to just reading and video games i guess. Everything jsut seems so pointless and stupid and boring. Ive nearly killed myself several time ive talked about with my closest friend but honestly the only reason i havent done it is because i always chicken out at the last minute, i genuinely dont believe things will ever get better im just kind of swaning through life for others benefits laughing and smiling and joking all the time, talking about games and singing and joking with my friends but it all just feel like i front i jusst feel so dissatisfied with life and im just so fucking sick of it


i’ve been done for a while now
ever since the discovery a few weeks ago that i’m a system i can’t handle it. the persecutor we have only wants me to kill my self and he’s going to get what he wants one way or another so better sooner than later. this is going to hurt a lot of people and i don’t care because this isn’t about them. i deleted my discord tonight so i don’t get tempted to ask for help. i’m writing all of my letters and giving them out tomorrow. tomorrow night i will be dead. i’m hanging myself in my room and my mom will most likely find me when she wakes up and realizes i’m going to be late for school. i’m never going back to school after tomorrow. xo the apollo system


Losing myself
I'm here again, and my biggest fears has come to past. I was scared that after all the happiness I got this month it would propel me back into my life but alas it's gone to no avail. I'm down the spiral again and I can't get my life back on track. I'm failing at school, I'm destroying my mental health, my relationships are crap, I'm sleeping most of the time. I don't know what to do anymore. I feel so lonely and I can't help but feel utterly useless. The only thing that I have drive to do is my goal on losing weight. It's the only thing that I truly am proud of, but now I'm losing my interest again.
I want to be happy really... But I can't.. I just cant.


Life should be great
Literally nothing is wrong with my life, but all I can think of is dying. I’ve been putting it up to a coin flip every day for a while now. At some pint my luck will run out. I’m so scared of myself. I don’t want to die


It feels like this is the end
I just feel the need to vent
I have been 'sick' the past month. It has been everything from sadness to light physical pain to sleeping a lot (12-20 hours almost every day) to deep depressive feelings. Always shifting
I don't want to live anymore. I have had on/off suicidal thoughts the past 5+ years. I'm sure a lot of you know the feeling. It's just too much right now. I am also afraid of reaching a point where I actually want to live and then die. That would be worse than this, now I am in control.
I am in therapy but I don't feel that they want to help me. They tell me that to have success with the therapy I need to eat and sleep properly. It makes sense and I don't disagree but it is not by choice that I have eating problems and sleep too much.
I have noone to go to for help and I don't want to deal with this anymore. It would be so much easier for everyone if I just stopped existing. They would be sad but happier in the long run.


Apparently my post was too much even for suicidewatch
So ok, bye


I'm sick of fighting it
I'm 13 and I'm severely mentally unstable, due to my country not having any mental health professionals almost anywhere, I am contemplating suicide.
I've been fighting a demon within every day, reliving the same horrible experience every day that keeps reminding me that there is no way out.
Tonight my father hit me and called me worthless,
he raised his voice to my mother which strangely, gave me this aching need to turn him into a live dissection and I'd frankly enjoy that, because I can't tell the difference between right and wrong anymore.
This parasite  slowly consumes me leaving nothing but it in my place.
And with my last bit of rationality, I'd rather hurt myself than anyone or anything else.
It hurts, day and night.
Why does it feel like a spear is being constantly pushed through my chest?
When will it stop?
How can I live up to everyone's expectations when I can't even live up to my own humanity?


i just want to die
why dying i hard?
i completely failed my life
everyone is now beter
i feel so much pain and i have no one to talk
i need some drugs to never wake up
i feel so much pain so much pain so much pain pain pain pain pain pain pain
i feel so cold
xanax doesnt help
nothing help
im just a stupid loser that need to get deleted for being just a waste .


Can't stop thinking about killing myself
I'm in 10th grade, 15m, low grades, Aspergers, and my dream job requires me to do general studies/highschool (don't know if the translation is quite right). Just gone through a breakup, a month and a half ago since my mother threatend to kill herself just because I wanted my dad to have custody of me, because she was a shitty mother. Now I'm teatering on the edge of the ease of killing myself and the pain it would bring onto others.
​
My family (dad's side) just adopted a dog, and while I do love him to bits, it's not enough to keep me going. He's loving, hyper, goofy, and family fit.
​
My ex and I have been together for 4 months, but it felt like an eternity, and the best time of my life. She had to break up because her own dad, whom she doesn't like, doesn't care about, which also lives miles away from where she lives now, also being far away from the school she's about to finish. She has gone through hell and back just to have the will to live, attempting suicide several times. I told her, and promised her, that no matter what happens to either of us, we'll keep fighting, we'll keep going strong.
But the way it all ended was so sudden. New years was the best day we had together, according to both of us, but then she had to see the people in control of the custody stuff, and then getting to know she's most likely to end up at her dad's place. This changed her mood a lot. She invited me over to her place the second weekend after new years, and was all different and weird. I asked her why, but she just said "I'm tired of *people*". This was obviously a lie, since it was the custody and law bs that had been eating away at her. She didn't want to break my heart, so she lied instead. the week later (or 2 weeks later; time flies fast) we met up at our local grocery store, where she told me the news, we kissed, we hugged, we told eachother about all the wonderful times, we smiled we laughed, we were both heart broken.
Some days later, she said her family told her that she should cut contact with me, because she might get her feelings mixed up in court. To that, I suggested we could talk formally, with no emotions in our words, just direct responses, no selfies, nothing. She agreed, or at least she said so, and we continued chatting. Until some day, I asked her "Wanna talk?", to which she said "I might be able to talk tomorrow. For the last time.." I asked when, and she said she didn't really know; just whenever it fit me. After some negotiating, we agreed on Tuesday 28th January. I asked the final question "Is all of this because of your dad?", and the last thing I got was a selfie of her, emotionless, with the text "I tried".
​
Back to other topics than my ex, my social life is crippled. I have friends who view me as a mutual. I don't think I have a best friend, considering there's no one I talk to daily, no one who really goes to me if they need something, anything. I just wish I could be the one people think of if they need help
​
Classmates call me smart, but that's just because I have 5s in Math, Science and English, which are all the subjects everyone else struggles with. However, I struggle with everything else, and that's even worse considering I have to do more of what I'm doing now, for three more years, and having it be even harder.
​
I have a little brother, who looks up to me no matter what, and I feel bad for him if he turns out like me. He's just like me, hair color, crackhead energy, and everything, despite the fact that we're not at all biologically related.
​
Whenever I'm supposed to do homework or even just be active at school, I think about all the possible ways I could kill myself. It's a reoccuring, scary thought that distracts me from anything, all the time, no matter how hard I try.
​
And even if I manage to get through school and all that hard shit, what's it for? I want to make games, make people happy, the same way some other random graduates did years ago, entertaining me with the games I played, LEGO, Sly Cooper, Ratchet and Clank, and so on. I want to be the person responsible for people to feel such emotions, I want to create fun out of nothing but lines of code.
​
But what's it all for? The full list of emotions I feel are dread, apathy, sadness, nothing, helplessness, hopelessness, and the rare but pure joy of seeing a dog do something funny. What's it all for?
​
EDIT: Got back the will to live a few days ago, because I was misinformed that I didn't need to do General Studies and shit, but it turns out I fucking have to. I was sitting there crying, knowing I couldn't do it, I can't make it, I won't make it, the other subjects will pull me down. Why the fuck do I need to study religion when I want to make games?!? It's all fucking worthless! I just need math, physics, and some programming education to get the job I want, but NNOOOO, I have to know all about everything, everything worthless to me. I have to pick german in the following years because I was idiotic enough to think "Hey, it can't be that hard!" (I was very fucking wrong). None of this helps when my dad says shit like "Pull yourself together", only reminding me of what the fuck I'm pulling away from.


Going to die today...
I walked to target and bought razors, got through the check out line and into the bathroom... I was ready SO ready but then a mom with two little girls came in, I couldn't... Too many people...
So on my walk home I found a nice secluded wooded area, I just sat there crying with my razors in my hand... I couldn't do it.
So i I threw my razors into the woods and walked home...
But now I'm home, in just as much pain and the urges growing stronger every minute...l


I’m being forced to suicide my mum did something to me
Why is the world so nasty and cruel ??? I want to die so badly because I have no good in humanity anymore.... help me please


I don’t know if I want to kill myself, but I’m so tired of being alive.
I’m 18, and for the past two-three years, my life has just fallen apart. I can’t kill myself, because my family is already in bad shape, and I don’t want to put my mom through that; she’s been through so much already and it just wouldn’t be fair to her if she could never see me again.
My friends don’t care about me. In these years that have passed I’ve lost all my energy, I hate going out of my house, I hate leaving my bed. No one asks why. No one ever asks if I’m okay or if I need to talk.
The guy I thought of as my best friend recently told me that sometimes “you just need to stop talking. You’re so annoying and you’re a lot cooler when you’re quiet and out of the way.” I felt like crying. It hurt me so bad to think that I’m just a burden on him.
Ever since then he’s just been ignoring me. No texts, no replies, won’t even open my messages. I’m left on read by everyone when I ask if someone wants to do something because I want to get up and maybe feel better, but nothing works. I’ve literally had a friend who’s other friend got his girlfriend to cheat on him, but he’d still rather hang out with him than me.
I broke up with my last ex months ago and when I did, she told the school that I had sex with a 13 year old, did heroin, and beat her. I never did any of this. I don’t know what I did to deserve everything that’s led to this.
I’ve tried eating better, working out, all of that self care bullshit and it doesn’t make me feel better. I just gave up again and I’m back in this hole of misery.
I can’t make new friends, people don’t find me interesting I guess. I’m constantly ghosted or just told to go away.
There are so many people in this world that have died and not gotten to experience the rest of their lives and I would give anything to switch spots with someone who lived happier than I did. It sucks so fucking much to not want to wake up. To be alive but not be needed by anyone.


Fat Fuck Wants To Commit Suicide, More at 11
Tale as old as time, lonely overweight person is lonely and overweight! Is tired of people saying confidence will attract people! Tired of trying to eat less only to binge until I'm sick nothing is redeeming about me I have no attributes I'm not the artist I think I am I'm nothing sorry this has been such a long process the whining of dogs ANYWAY! I'll probably die soon as I can.


Should I kill myself because I did something really bad 7 years ago?
I want to die so bad
Objectively my life seems fine but I can’t shake this overwhelming desire to kill myself. I just don’t see a point in life anymore. All I do is lie in bed and hope to die. I tried a few days ago but that didn’t work... if no one finds me for a few hours would drowning in a lake work?


Y’all know the feeling when you keep hitting refresh until you’re satisfied with whatever results you desire in that moment? That’s where I’m at rn.
Idk why but I feel like suicide is the best way for me specifically to get my desired outcome in life.
Like, what if I wanna be the pretty girl with the emerald green eyes or the sweepy haired boy born to an amazing, loving, and understanding family or the musically or artistically talented one?
The only way to get there is to just keep killing myself until I’m satisfied. Right now I have nothing going for me, no future, and for the past 17 years my existence has been ass. While everyone around me is living their best life as if they’ve been kissed by god himself, I’m here wishing I had what they do. And it’s not necessarily materialistic jealousy, it’s more of a “what the hell did I do in my past lives why I’m ugly, class two obese, autistic, and have a shitty family?”
There are so many life outcomes and I got the end of the stick that’s covered in dog shit. I read that you’re on this earth to learn a lesson and that your lives may progressively get better from here on out, so I hope to high it doesn’t get any worse than this. I wanna keep refreshing my life to see what cool shit I can end up with.
I feel like the universe will beat my ass for that tho.
Sorry for the rant. Hope y’all have a great rest of the year <3


Nobody tries to help me
Hello, I'm a 14 year old boy. I'm bullied every day by family and people at school. They straight up insult my looks and nothing I do is ever good enough. If I'm in a bad mood and I just want to be left alone people tell me I'm fucking up their day. My parents go to bed really early. I ask them to stay up later because they work on weekends so I only see then an hour a day. I heard them talking about me guilt tripping them constantly. I have no reason to continue. I'm ugly, not smart, not social, and I just cant take being bullied any more.


Everything's almost in place, three days to go.
Got to situate a few more things and I'll be ready, and what I need should be arriving on the 1st. I'm just tired of being alone and I know things won't get better because of my mental state. It's time for me to finally kick the bucket.
My best friend knows i'm going through with this, I feel so bad for him. He's just so damn supportive of me he can't bear to try and stop me. He knows what i'm feeling and I wish I could show him how much I appreciate him before I leave. I'll definitely leave a lengthy note for him at the very least.
It's definitely bittersweet leaving this world so soon, I don't know what could have been in store for me for the future but the probability is never going to be high. I just can't deal with being alone any longer.
My ex fiance has moved on and is happy with someone else. It hurts but i'm happy for her, and I hope he makes her the happiest girl in the world. I'll try to leave some final words for her so she doesn't feel guilty. I would never want to her feel that way, she doesn't deserve it. I'm just not cut out for this world and i've known it for too long. It's time for me to own up and not be a coward any longer.
Luckily, my plan is 100% foolproof because of how i've planned it and what i'm doing. There will be zero chance of saving me. So i'll be able to say some goodbyes to friends and family and hopefully don't leave them without any answers.


I feel it coming
I’ve always been  suicidal but in a way I knew I wouldn’t really go thought with it but I’m not really there anymore. Honestly I can’t imagine myself not going through with it and I know it’s just a waiting game now. I won’t do it tonight but everyday that passes I feel myself getting closer to doing it. I’m not scared or anything, simply waiting. Not sure for what but as I’ve been waiting it’s becoming harder and more tiring to not do it already. I don’t know how to word it well but I really can’t see me not killing myself within the next 4 months.


I give up...
https://imgur.com/a/ucEsEYF


I don't understand
Why is it that I can smile throughout the day and have true moments of what I think is happiness, but at the same time I want to kill myself? I tried to kill myself when I was drunk almost two months ago. When I woke up I said I would change. I started smiling more, I started being nicer, I started eating healthy and working out. Even though I have made all these changes to my life, I've never wanted to die more.


I feel like I'm a lost cause
I only have fake friends who are never there for me and don't really give a shit about me as a person. My grades are horrible and I'll have to drop out pretty soon with no clue what to do after that. I have no talents of any means and can't commit to anything. The only thing I do all day is watching Netflix and surfing reddit/4chan which probably is the reason my self-esteem is next to zero.
Sometimes I think about just ending it all. Like I guess my parents would be sad and everything for a while but other than that nobody would really give a shit.


I don't think I can carry on anymore...
I'm 24 yo girl from Spain. My life has been a mess since school. I've been bullied for 12 years and now I have several problems due to this. I have social phobia and anxiety, also depression.
When I was 18 I started the university, I thought a fresh start would be nice. I had a few friends and even met a guy, but he soon started to hit me, and humiliate me. He forced me to do things I didn't want, he said to everyone that I had depression and social phobia because I wanted to, because I didn't want to get better, he even told me not to take my meds cuz he didn't want to be with a drug addict. He was a jerk and cheated on me.
My classmates also started to bully me because of my mental health.
I started to stay at home, I didn't want to leave the house, I still don't want to do it, I can't... I can't even buy some food so I have to order food because the idea of going to the street and being with people scares me.
This guy left me (We had been dating for 1 year and a half) when I discovered he was cheating on me and blamed me for that. Also he told everyone that I was crazy, and of course everyone believed that.
The only one who was supportive with me with everything was my mother, but that summer she suffered an ictus and sometimes when I visited her at home she didn't know who I was (Because of the cerebral damage).
My depression got worst, the next year my grades were awful, I was alone, I couldn't leave my house, and I felt like a burden to my father bc he had to take care of my mother and also of my brother who had addiction problems. My father never blamed me about my grades, but I felt like a failure and trash.
The next year my mother passed away (Lung cancer), and I couldn't pass any exam. At college my tutor blamed me about my attitud, saying that being so introvert, and shy, with lack of motivation would be my perdition. That I wasn't going to be succesfull at anything because people like me were always overshadowed by others.  I already knew that, but he was harsh, and I really made me feel even worse.
I failed again my exams, I really tried to but I can't focus in anything. Sometimes I wonder if I should Kill myself because I'm a burden to my father. I'm feel so lost and lonely, I don't have a lot of people to talk to, most of them have other things to worry about, and my closest friends left to work abroad so I'm really alone here.
I live with 3 other people, two of them are really harsh to me and they usually make me clean the house bc they have to work or study and since I can't get my shit together and I'm always "procastinating" I have to do the cleaning. They don't even understand how difficult is to leave the bed, to wake up with headache almost everyday because I was crying until fell asleep. They mock me because they think my issues are just a excuse to stay at home, in my room.
I've been dating a guy for 4 years, he has been with me since highschool, I met him online when I was a teen cuz I didn't have IRL friends. We started dating the same summer my mother had the ictus, he has been really supportive to me. But I don't feel like I deserve that, I've tried several times to make him see that I'm just a failure that can't do anything, that can't even get a job or pass a exam. He says I'm the strongest person he has met in his life, but I don't feel like that. I'm just carrying on because I'm to scared of diying, I wanted to kill myself, I even wrote some letters for my father explaining everything, explaining how I feel, but I never did it.
I really feel so bad... I don't even know why I should wake up every morning... I don't want to, I'm just really tired of my life...
Thanks for listening to me... I really needed it, also excuse my bad english and typos, please...


current state
i deserve to fuckin die. i dont deserve my friends. i'm the worst thing that's ever fckin happened to them. & killing myself would make it even worse for them so i PRAY something out of my control kills me before i do so everyone can grieve in the least painful way. its no one's fault. i just wna be fucking done. i'm not worth it. i know i'm not.
anybody else find themselves constantly praying for an accident?


It seems like I was meant for this shit
I wasn’t allowed to get with girls in high school and now that I’m trying to have lots of sex now I feel like it’s too late for me. Especially cuz I’m almost 20 and most women probably had sex in hs and don’t care about it now. That’s why community college is so shitty, and all the haters I have on reddit can shut the fuck up, they think I like being this way. I was made to be this way because of my mom.


I just called the suicide prevention hotline
I’ve been down in the dumps, more than i usually am. And for months now i have contemplated suicide every single night. But tonight i reached my breaking point and i called the prevention hotline. A young guy named Jordan answered and just talked with me. He didnt give me answers, he didnt tell me i was wrong, he was just willing to talk with me.
I have always thought of myself as a “strong man”, and i didnt need to talk to anyone- as if that made me strong. I was wrong, and tonight proved it. I cried talking on the phone, just because Jordan was willing to talk to me. It’s as simple as that. This guy listened to me and talked with me and made me feel all right.  I still have a long way to go, but at least I made a start.
Please, tonight or tomorrow or whenever, dont be afraid to talk to someone. Anyone. You dont have to suffer alone. Even if it’s just a stranger on the phone, PLEASE talk to someone.
I know its posted everywhere, but in the US the suicide prevention hotline number is ‭1 (800) 273-8255‬. Jordan, i dont know if you’ll ever see this, but you very well may have saved my life tonight.


I just want a choice.
I want to have the choice to blow my brains out honestly. I don't care anymore about hurting others, I was never that important to them anyway. Both my parents just find ways to shit on me rather than fucking realize I try incredibly hard to be successful, and then I finally try to talk to people and be outgoing and just...people don't hate me but...im just "that guy who's nice and takes photos." I guess maybe I should do some photos foreshadowing it, at least id be remembered that way.


Overdosing
I’m glad I’ve been able to help someone, I’m gonna go but I don’t wanna talk to anyone I know so I’m talking to no one eh Awh well


It's done
Taken 108 pills. All down the hatch. Now we wait
Edit : I'm in the hospital on the high dependency unit and im on a drip. I feel like shit. I should've known better


What would happen if I died today?
I often like to fantasize about my death, an end to my suffering and a close on the pathetic excuse for an existence I’m filling. I like to imagine that my Mom would be able to get over it and seek support. I would hope that my dog wouldn’t miss me too much. There are a lot of different things I hope for but I guess I’ll never truly know what happens after I’m gone. I wish I could suddenly be struck down by a truck, or shot in a robbery gone wrong. Maybe one day I’ll be lucky. Or maybe one day I’ll have the courage to make a second attempt, but this time be successful. I don’t really know why I wanted to type this, I guess it’s just a way to express my deepest thoughts I don’t tell anyone else.


One last time
I'm gonna ask her one more time, if she says no then that's that. Wish me luck tomorrow, I'm gonna need it.


i don’t know what to do
sorry for formatting since i’m on mobile
i doubt anyone will see this but that’s fine i just need to put this somewhere. i’m ready to just fucking end it already i have a date and i got a gun i know where i’m going to go but i’m still scared. my first girlfriend that i dated for about 2 years was really abusive but i always thought was she was doing was normal and she dumped me a few months ago and after a bit i started dating someone else. she was really nice and we would stay up together a lot and i just really liked her and it felt weird because she wasn’t abusive but i was starting to finally get used to it. well earlier today she broke up with me and said we should just be friends and i don’t know what to do. i have literally no friends at school and i only live with my mom and we aren’t close. i genuinely can’t see myself living to my 16th birthday this summer. in 2 weeks i’m finally going to drive as far as i can in the middle of nowhere and just do it but i’m scared. i wrote my note and the only thing stopping me is my fucking dog. sorry for wasting your time if you actually read this i just don’t know what to do


I don't want to die...
But I don't see any other way. Without turning this into a huge political rant, it is a documented fact that the government of my country has been trying to kill off people who are disabled like me. Even the UN has been involved, saying that what is going on constitutes eugenics, but my government has so far sidestepped any sort of consequence.
We've caught them paying for fake scientific papers claiming that people with conditions like mine benefit most from being denied basic medical care and being taught mindfulness meditation to learn how to suck it up and ignore our symptoms.
Anyone who isn't capable of ignoring them fully or who complains about the extreme pain is branded a drug addict and a medication seeker, and has all their medication immediately stopped.
The pain I am in, according to studies of my disease, is comparable to late stage cancer. I have been in treatment for over 10 years, my doctor has tried every available treatment. Only one has worked, but now I am having that taken away from me for reasons that have nothing to do with medicine and everything to do with politics.
The pain is getting worse and worse, I'm up half the night screaming.
Please don't insult my intelligence and ask me if I've tried <insert something from the first page of Google>, <insert basic health common sense like 'are you hydrated'>, <insert new age whatever, like yoga>, <insert fad diet here>, etc. I've had this for 20 years and been under the care of a specialist team for 10. If it's appropriate for my condition, I have tried it. I'm not asking for medical advice.
Please also don't insult me by suggesting I get a second opinion. If it was that easy, I would not be having problems. This is a systemic issue affecting the entire medical field in my country. In four different hospitals across three different counties, every single doctor agrees--"due to political decisions we have no control over, we are unable to continue to prescribe this medication."
If there was a simple, five minute solution, I wouldn't be here.
I don't want to die. I have a beautiful fiancée, and the best brother in the whole world. I don't want to leave them.
But I'm already confined to bed in terrible horrible screaming pain, and it's getting worse. It's getting worse and they're taking my medication away.
I just need to hold out until 6th September, when some tl;dr financial stuff finishes sorting itself out--then my fiancée can continue to live here in my home without me. The thought of her without somewhere to stay is all that's stopping me from doing it tonight.
I just want the pain to stop.


I'm not sure what I want...
I don't wanna be alone. But at the same time I feel like I should leave. Everyone. It doesn't matter how good they treat me. I just feel like an outsider. Like I don't belong to them. I can see how they are doing well without me. I want to dissappear. Not die. Dissappear. Without a word. So they could forget me the next day. So they could live a better life because I feel like a problem in everyone's life.
I do have a boyfriend and I'm still wondering why he wants to be with me after whole 3 years. 3 years of damage. Even saying that he loves me I can't believe it. Myself I don't know what I am feeling. I'm slowly understanding what they meant by "you can't love someone if you don't love yourself". I wish to feel what I felt to him before. Now I feel like drowning in my own sadness. In my depression. And I know that my sadness can or is taking others down.
Someone told me about a therapist. That I should try it. I wish I could.
But for now - I don't want it. I don't feel like anything will change thanks to a few words and changes. No. I don't feel like I will ever change.
I feel like wasting everyone's time. Even now when you are reading this. I'm sorry. I'm sorry you had to waste your time for my crying.


How do you stop
How do you stop thinking about  suicide. How am I supposed to wait a day or week when it's the only thing on my mind?


Ending it
I am officially on the edge, for the last few days and it has gotten worse and worse than before. I have had so many thoughts telling me to end it. Lucky for me I can do what I Want as no one has any control over me.


I have a long story honestly
sorry in advance for any punctuation stuff. I had a fine motor skills thing when I was younger so I spent a lot later in my life just learning to write legibly rather than all of the technicalities of punctuation.
I'm new to this sub so this post is to kind of dip my toes in before I go all out explaining all my stuff. I would describe myself as an incel I dunno if this is a community that doesn't like that word or associates connotations with it so I'll use the word isol(short for isolated). my story honestly is pretty long and incel tears would say that everyone goes through stuff and I'm just lingering on every little thing but I feel like I'm honestly in an objectively bad place have been for my whole life there's so much story I would write a whole saga on it  (and one trilogy in that on just one year). I'll write a sort of summary cos I dunno if really long posts are the thing here if it is I'll come back with a more detailed long post. if that's not a thing I'll answer questions and any advice you guys have because I'm not gonna fall for IT's trap. humans naturally want to speak out where they feel there's been an injustice I'm not a self-pitying narcissist for understanding how therapeutic it is to vent about how I feel.
​
I'm in year 10 now and am 15  since October.
​
in year 7 I came into high school really nice really low I generally was forgiving and nice by nature, simply didn't feel the emotions other boys said I should feel when certain things happened to me. and I got a reputation as a nerd because of my interest in science and nerdy topics. I had crushes on multiple girls all of which got outed by my friend and I got rejected every time so I had this reputation of having a  crush on like every girl. and one of the nastiest that human beings have ever gotten together to do to me was all the girls in my form. they treated me like a had a plague they complained about sitting next to me at a time anywhere for any reason except one girl but that's a whole other thing. they complained about touching me. this was always a massive pain every Tuesday when my form tutor would rearrange the assembly line into the schools boy-girl thing it was a pain to have to experience that same bullshit from every girl no matter what girl no matter how innocent or sweet or kind-hearted or even shy  (like I was) she seemed. from laughing at their friend having to sit with me to the vicious complaining. All within the view of my form tutor and all the other boys a nothing happened. not only that my best friend completely forgot about.
​
I thought I'd get more out  and at least have another paragraph about my life now and my suicidality but I'm posting this kinda late and I'm tired now so hopefully, imma get the rest in that big post or comments i gues


I don’t want to live past 30.
I don’t want to live past 30. This is a long read, I understand if you don’t feel like reading everything.
I want to live now but like I also dont want to live, if that makes sense. I’m having a life crisis at least once everyday. I’m only 20 and to anyone I try to talk to about this just tells me the same thing everytime, ”you’re only 20?? You have your whole life ahead of you!”. But like, I don’t? In 10 years I’ll be 30. That means that I only have 10 years to do stuff. I’ll have to get an education before then, chosen a city to settle down etc. I know you dont have to settle down or get an education before then but I want to get friends where I’ll eventually settle down so I won’t be lonely for the rest of my life, but I can’t settle down when I’m 40 because it feels impossible to make REAL friends at that age, you know? Like it would be so difficult to get close friends, who actually wants to spend time with you and to talk about deep stuff with. It just feels like life gets so much tougher the older you get. I mean I already have it difficult enough to get friends now that I’m 20. I’ve lost 3 really close friends in  5 years, and it feels like everyone already has their set of friends and don’t feel the need to get a new friend. I currently have 1 friend and I’m afraid I’ll loose her too If I move.
I don’t want kids so that won’t be an issue.
Life without friends is pointless.
The fact is that right now I’m the average 20 year old who works full time, makes an average salary and don’t really do anything. So if I decide to go out to see the world, I won’t be able to do that as much as I would like to, not as much as i probably would if I were  a 30year old with an education. But the problem is that I don’t want to do it when I’m 30 because that would be too late. Do you see my dilemma?
Sometimes I wish that I could just disappear into the djungles of thailand to live in a hut and live of of fruits and hunt animals, until I’ll probably die of some desease or killed by some dangerous animals. Just to not having to think about the problems of tomorrow, because I just can’t stop thinking. I think and overthink all the time, my brain just can’t relax.
It might not make sense to anyone but I hope someone gets me. I don’t know what response I would want to get, I just had to get it of my chest. Sorry for this. I just feel like a disappointment to everyone.


Friend in another country has planned their suicide
My friend lives in Bulgaria and has told me they are committing suicide in 20 days (I think also because it's a cry for help and also because they believe I can't stop them anyways). I don't think I can call the hotline there and was wondering if somebody could tell me what to do. Maybe a Bulgarian could work with me and call the hotline in 20 days or such for me. Please advise.


Is it even worth it?
All my relationships have proven to be superficial. I’ve struggled with every job. Even my dogs like other people better than they like me. My own mother I stole 13 k from. She forgives me. But I can’t let that trauma go. It’s forever a part of me. My bosses seem to think sitting with your thoughts for hours at a time is a good thing for someone struggling to get their head out of their ass. Weed numbs me enough to get through, but it makes me careless. And that further exacerbated the problem. I’ve got no teeth so people judge me upon looking at me even though I’ve never done meth or anything like that I’m just bipolar and crazy. Believing id receive a third set of teeth. I can fake normal for a little bit but then the crazy unravels. Every friendship has ended the same way, disappointment. I’ve committed sexual acts I regret that may or may not have been unethical. I’ve explored it all and I literally have no energy to live anymore. Communication and understanding is all I long for.


No pain
I'm wanting a way to end everything with no pain. I'm pretty sure I can't buy a gun at 18 and I just can't wait any longer.


I have lost all hope.
I just dont want to be here anymore. I do not think I have been genuinely happy since I was like 12. But I have always held on to the hope that one way do I could be happy and one day I could have my shit figured out. I had believed that there was some sort of life at the end of the tunnel. But in the past half year, I have lost that hope. My mental health is at an all time low. There have been so many times where things had the potential to go up. Its almost like the universe was teasing me and giving me hope that maybe that light finally arrived. So many opportunities that had the potential to really help me finally genuinely be happy. But it never lasted. It was always just temporary tease. Just as fast as the opportunities came they were yanked away from me. Every single time things got a little better for a short amount of time, it would just turn out to be bs bc i would fuck it up. Things would just end up getting worse and worse and worse. Now i just dont care anymore. I dont see myself ever being happy . I dont see things ever getting better. Maybe i am just destined to be sad my entire life. It hasnt gotten better in the past 10 years and I really just dont see it getting better in the next 10. Im mentally exhausted. I simply just just dont see the point of living when I just feel a deep emptiness/sadness from the moment i get up to when i fall asleep every single day.


Im going to kill myself in few hours .
There is no other way anymore I have lied and been an idiot and a failure for my entire life . There is no turning back anymore and nothing can fix this . There really is no fixing this .
Im 19 years old fucked up my entire life I have mutilated my body and ruined my life by letting my mental health detiorate till I ented up being trapped in my lies. Its been years .
I have been depressed my entire life , on top of that i have dysphoria and purge often .
Im going to clean my room and get rid of my stuff . Once its dark im going for a walk and will overdose on pills and vodka and stil my wrist or maybe ill go and get a rope either way today is the day .
I dont know why im posting this .
Ive been in pain for years i feel so empty and wrong and evil and have felt like that my entire life .  I need someone to know  so im posting it here .
Edit:
Thank all of you for reaching out . I wish the best for you all . Ive cleaned my room left a note and visited a friend im going to my (hopelly ) final  destination now , thanks and good luck in life.


Pretty bad night
Anyone else ever feeling pretty good for a while, not thinking about suicide or not really being too sad, and then out of nowhere you just get hit like a truck with thoughts. I thought I was getting better. Sure, I still have nights that all I can think about is ending it all, but those were getting further between each other. But jesus those nights are getting a whole lot more difficult to deal with when they do come around.


Bipolar, in treatment, tired of turning to my loved ones for support. Looking for help talking myself down off the edge when I crash
I'm a 21NB with bipolar disorder. My disorder is more well managed than ever through medication and counseling. My baseline mood is happy to neutral, my functioning and productivity is high. On the whole I'm better than I've ever been. However..
At least once a week it seems I experience a stress that drives me to want to commit suicide. Anything from a bad interaction at work, to a bad grade, to family drama. Something moderately bad happens, and I genuinely want to die. I have a plan, I start drafting letters, but inevitable I reach out to my support system. I have a loving, patient partner, two incredibly supportive best friends, and a relatively helpful brother. Their support is the reason I'm still here.
But I know this cycle of me crashing to the edge is draining on them. They worry and stress and in the moment it's incredibly upsetting for them. And the thing is, life is good! I dont want to die! But in those moments, I cant rationalize living. They dont think I'm a burden, they're relieved when I reach out, but I cant keep doing this to them. I've been delaying teaching out more and more because i hate how it hurts them. Which brings me to my question:
How can I effectively talk myself out of these bad moments? How can I keep myself safe? Please dont suggest hotlines, as they very often lack the understanding of disorders like bipolar. Additionally, I understand that it might make sense to hospitalize myself, however last week when I was in a crisis I was turned away by my hospital and by the local inpatient psychiatric care facility. I have no faith in their ability to help me.
What coping skills can help me come down off the edge without enlisting the help of others?
(I am not currently in a crisis, just planning for the inevitable next one)


Mornings are a horrible reminder of the fact that I am still alive. I don't want to be alive.
I want nothing more than to be dead. I feel more alone than I have ever felt in my life. And I hate myself more than I ever have before. I just want to be dead.


Ugly, Short, and Disposable.
Being a short male, that already makes me severely hindered when it comes to love, but when I am ugly on top of it, that just makes it worse to the point I am undateable. I don't watch anime or practically anything because it showcases all lovey dovey aspects and since I am ugly and worthless, it just drills it in.
Especially when the protag is a hot, tall male with actual intelligence, instead of my faux-smart ass. Of course, no one cares because I'm male and thus disposable. I doubt this will get a response.


Bad Thinking, Can Someone Help Figure This Out?
Had some unpleasant thoughts about killing myself with a gun, as if I went in my mind and did it in my minds eye. Not the first time either, I was hoping someone might be able to tell my why this happens. Also if you could give any ideas on how to enjoy life while you do nothing at home, like accepting the reality of doing nothing and being nothing for the rest of living.


Tired lol
Just tired of everything me and my girl on and off going nowhere in life and I am very deep in love with her but I don’t want to be with her but I want her but I can’t make her happy and to top it all off I just hate humanity I hate everything about us all I think we are truly evil I have people who love me but in the end I don’t have any support they can’t fly understand how I feel right now my body is full of just dread it’s sapping my physical energy I feel weak when I think of me and my girl I feel weak when I think of moving on I don’t want to honestly I’ve done it before she came right back and wrapped me right back around her finger I am so lost I am so tired and sick and just really don’t want to be here I want something to make it all stop but I don’t want to leave at the same but I don’t know guess it helps to talk to strangers


my suffering is never gonna end
nothing matters anymore. im a failure and a loser and im too tired and weak to do anything to fix it. im a fuck up. why cant i just fucking die in my sleep. im never gonna be fucking happy


Just some thoughts...
I never thought I’d ever truly understand how someone could want to end their life. Well, I get it now.
I survived a lot of childhood trauma, a deployment with the Army and 10 years working as a paramedic and while I went through some bouts of depression I never truly felt like ending my life nor could I understand how someone would.
The past five years of my life have been by far the best. I have so many amazing friends who support me and I’ve experienced success financially and with my career. I’ve been truly happy for the first time ever.
Then about 9 months ago, I had a severe panic attack for no reason that has led to a crippling cycle of anxiety and panic. Countless ER visits, multiple primary care providers, specialists to rule out medical conditions, countless antidepressants/anxiety meds that just make everything worse for me and counselors...all who can’t or won’t help me. The common answer is “it’s just anxiety.”
This has of course caused so much depression and hopelessness. I have been on leave from work multiple times, can’t hardly drive anywhere, can’t enjoy time with friends and I’m so sick of trying to hold in my panic and pretend like everything is okay. It’s exhausting.
I have so much support. People care about me and depend on me. I definitely do not feel worthless but I am beyond miserable and do not want to live like this anymore. Each and every day, the option of not living starts to look like the best and/or only option. I fought so hard my entire life and made it through so much yet this is unbearable. Why would I want to continue living while being so miserable and unhappy? Like what’s the point? I want to live and I want to live happy, free of worry and anxiety but hopelessness is an awful feeling.
It’s amazing how alone I feel while not being alone at all. All these people who love me, care for me and support me yet I’m so very alone.
I’m definitely not actively suicidal. I’m just thinking out loud here...I completely understand what it feels like to not want to live and it’s awful.
Anyway, I hope today is a “good day” and I hope it’s a good day for y’all as well. Let’s all keep fighting and try to live another day. If not for ourselves but for those who love us.


I'm probably gonna kill myself when I get home
Title says it all
Update: Decided not to do it


I don't want to see the rest of this year
So much shit has happened within the first month, that and on top of other personal issues honestly brought me here. I'm afraid of looking forward to anything, I don't want to go through this year anymore I'm afraid that it'll get worse. Almost everybody fear mongering definitely doesn't help but I can't just ignore everything around me. It's frustrating when the world is falling apart and you can't do anything about it despite living on it, it's like your house being destroyed beyond your control and I don't want to live like that any longer.
I'm kinda sorta planning on ending it on friday maybe? Perfectly fitting since it's the end of January.


Triggery vent about ending it all
I'm always alone. Even my therapist said I have a gaping void, no emotional support system of any kind, wants to start a group therapy just so I can maybe connect with someone other than her... Cause you know... I pay her... But it's not worth it anymore. The $140 per session, the medications, the always feeling like I'm free falling because I literally have no foundation and no one can give me one and I can't make me one.
So fuck it. Let's see if I wake up in the morning.
Also fuck you to my dad who started abusing me at 2. Fuck you to my cousin who molested and blackmailed me from age 6-14. Fuck you to the boyfriend and his friends that drugged and raped me. Fuck you to the guy who held me hostage in his hotel room while I was on vacation and was only 15. Fuck you to my mom who kicked me out of the house at 16. Fuck you to the teachers who pushed me instead of listening to me. Fuck you to my therapists who didn't fucking listen to me. Fuck you to every single ex that abused me. Fuck you to life because it likes to fucking kick me while I'm down. I'm cursed to forever be a victim despite the precautions I take. I've gotten to where I don't leave the house except for appointments but life keeps finding a way to hurt me. Also fuck the government and their red tape and fuck everyone who didn't stand up for me at all, not one single time, no one was ever punished or prosecuted. Everyone just got to do bad things to me and get away with it and instead of people saying "oh yeah this bad thing happen to you let's get justice." They told me "you shouldn't how to put yourself in that position. You should have just been a good girl. Nothing bad actually happened to you, you're just embellishing. There's worse problems in the world. Just get over it. Just stop being depressed."
Fuck all of them, fuck life, and listen to this song because I've had it on repeat all day and it's what I'll be drifting off to here soon.
Demi Lovato- Anyone https://youtu.be/AqtooBbxuaw
PS this wasn't all the bad things, I'm just getting too tired to keep fixing the typos I'm making.


Long sad rant
I started writting the note. There some people who are innocent who did everthing they could. But most abandoned me. I moved from Puerto Rico to the States, I left everything behind. Not because I wanted to, I needed to. At my senior year of high school hurricane Maria struck and there was no guarantee how the public university (the private ones are more costly and the quality of the education is bad) would be able to operate. I suffered hunger, lack of water, lack of medicine. My grandmother needed daily insulin and we running out. Food was scarce so we cut it to two meals per day instead of three. I had no electricity for 7 months.
In order words, I lived rough. People died due to the hurricane (drowing etc) but a lot more died in the aftermath. Some couldn't acess medical care, some died of rat urine poisining but a lot also died of suicide. Things seemed bleak and hopepless. So my counselor at the time made all of us apply to American schools the point was getting us out of the island.
I ended up with a scholarship from Iowa. Fucking Iowa, I didn't even knew the state existed until I came here for school. I'm in my sophmore year now and I've definantely have had amazing experiences. However since last November depression hit me. I was doing a play which I loved but it took time from school and I felt I was struggling academically. I was so stressed out I felt I didn't even have time to eat or shower. I felt my friends, my only family here, slowly left me. My best friend who I adored and who I showed every inch of vulnerability of myself and who knew me like the palm of his hand walked away from me. Thats a whole other story but the point of it is that he's gone. I tried calling, texting, appearing at his doorstep, apologizing if I did anything. Nothing. It was hard. I loved him. But I tried to move on. Hangout with other ppl. Then my other friends also go cold on me. We're all part of the same friend group. Then my two roomates (part of said group) left me a note on my door on how disgusting it was to live with me and how I wasn't helping and they wanted to do no more with me. I snapped. I couldn't with the pressure and abandonment. I started cutting but couldn't go deep enough due to the pain barrier. I put more pressure and suddenly saw blood. Scared, I wrapped it up and went to my bestfriend bc I thought he loved me enough to put aside his differences to rescue just like I was always there for him when he needed me. He basically said he couldn't help anymore. It wasn't his problem anymore. I was done for. I went back upstairs and grabbed another knife from the cabinet. One of my roomates saw but I didn't see her. I was done. At least in the hurricane ppl cared for one another but here its seems that for everything, even mental crisis your on your own.
Anyways, she saw me and before I could execute my plan of cutting the artery or vein or both in my throat I was stopped. By my friends. Happy ending right? Nop.
They just felt guilty. After dealing with the crisis they've have gone. My roomates moved. I only ever see them in the bus. They say hi but Im no longer invited over to their or going to the mall together. Nothing. I feel like a stranger to them again. They can't look to me in the eye. I feel its all fake. Now that Im alone I can actually kill myself. Which is a telief but also terrifying. I wish I was smarter and could've been a doctor or something to help my family. But I'm a dissapointment and therefore if I died now all the focus would be on the things I could be and not on the things that I would actually become.
I feel bad of leaving my boyfriend tho. I feel so loved when Im with him but he's back at Puerto Rico. And when I tell him about my thoughts and feelings he just gets desperate and fustrated and begs me to stay. Im hurting him. I've asked him to leave. He deserves someone so much better that's happy and can go on all the adventures he wants to go on and have his kids. It'll hurt but in a way I would be releasing him.
And releasing myself. I don't want to go back to the island as a failure, I don't want to be here neither. Just someone please end my misery. Too much of a coward to do it myself.


I’m going to die on my birthday.
My 23rd birthday is on Friday and I’ve decided that that’s the day I’m going to kill myself. I’ve been dealing with depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts since I was 11. I’ve been in and out of hospitals since I was 13 and have tried to kill myself 3 times.
My life is already ruined and I’m so tired of feeling like this. I’m tired of trying I just want to be done.


I'm going to do it.
I have decided that it would be best to die. Unfortunately, I am left with no voice but to do so. My family disowns me, my friends are long gone, and any guidance counselor at my school doesn't care. It's been a miserable 13 years, and I am willing to end it.


What are your reasons for wanting to die?
Writing a suicide note is too hard. So I’m writing a poem with my reasons of wanting to die instead. Failure, no love, sadness. I will contrast their counterparts for what I sought (success, love, happiness) and why I couldn’t attain those things.
This makes me wonder what are your reasons for wanting to end it all?


Wow it hurts to live, want to just disappear
I am an older man and in the past two years I have lost a business and a marriage. I have had to step away from my children because they were continuing the emotional and mental abuse my ex-wife put me through. I feel so bad because they do not seem to realize it and I have tried to discipline them on it. I tend to space out when they insult me or pick at me constantly.
I have  a job but I am completely unfulfilled in my work. I was a lone for almost 2 years but finally meet the woman of my dreams.  I am so afraid that I will lose her because I have no desire to live on. I am constantly tired, moody and non motivated. I have many physical problems that I can't exercise like I used to. I just want to die, please don't tell me there are positive things out there. I do not wish to be here, nothing feels like home or safe. I have taken anti-depressants for almost 20 years and all they do is make me angry and more tired if that is even possible.
If anyone knows away to kill ones self that is quick and easy please let me know as I am done with my time on earth.


I need to talk to somebody
It's pointless to seek support, friend, or any kinda help from here.
That's it. It's pointless.
​
No.
One.
Cares.


Just Someone help me tonight. Please
when they tell you to
someone I loved told me to kill myself. late they told me the never even loved me and then they left me. I have the darkest thoughts right now. I feel so hated and I don't want to bother anyone anymore.
what does anyone do about this


Does anyone have experience telling their employer about their suicidal ideation?
I'm considering telling my supervisor tomorrow at our monthly meeting. I'm nervous how she'll respond because I certainly don't want an intervention, but having her give me some slack would be nice.
I work in social services, so they're understanding of mental health. A coworker of mine frequently takes time off to care for her husband, who is suicidal.
My supervisor knows (should know) I'm in weekly therapy, as it's on my work calendar (in the middle of the work day).
I'm just scared she'll overreact. I don't have an active plan and I'm not high risk currently.
Anyone have insight on being honest in the workplace?


What do you even write in a suicide note
What in the world is someone even supposed to write in a suicide note, like “sorry for killing myself”? What else is there to say? What can I possibly write that would help my family understand/feel better about me dying?


Im just tired
( i hope throwaways are allowed ..)
I feel tired. Like im chained to a monster that just wants to kill me but can't due to it being chained to my soul...
It feels so wrong to have so much power over my own life, I could just end it whenever i want to and that scares me. it scares me because of how many times i was close to use that power and just stop it all.
sorry for the confusing post


i just want to talk with another suicidal persob i know personally
the only person i know is actively suicidal is my boyfriend, and i cant discuss it with him because he keeps saying to me that life is worth it if you tough it out (doesnt believe it himself). every time i tell him otherwise, he just thinks that hes messed up and that hes never going to be able to help me and that spirals him down deeper :(
i just wanna talk.
i wanna talk about why i should realistically live if there is nothing here for me.
i wanna talk about why it should matter that im going to be leaving people behind when i die, when nothing will matter after i die anyways.
and im tired of being selfless with no kindness back - why should i stay alive to satisfy people that dont care?
i just wanna talk about why i havent killed myself yet, because i sure as hell dont know why and everything in life right now is pointing towards that path.


Diagnosed with brain cancer. Planning on ending it
I recently got diagnosed with brain cancer. I'm going through chemo right now and it's really hard especially when your dad is always making you feel like a burden all the time. My psychologist wants to give me anti depressants but my dad keeps refusing. Honestly I don't want to live this life there are going to be permanent side effects of the cancer like diabetes insipidus, hypothyroidism, no testosterone etc. Basically all my hormones in my body got fucked then there's also the side effects of radiation. I don't want to go through this. Plus the headaches are bad


How do you live with what you've done?
It's been three long months since she left me, and since I've seen my son. Both my fault. It took this long, but I finally feel nothing. I enjoy nothing. I eat next to nothing. I do nothing. After a good day with my daughter yesterday, I feel it's time. Looking into the rearview mirror and seeing her waving me goodbye will burn in my memory. I'm going to buy myself a beer that was my favorite over the summer, to remind myself of a time before life was chaotic and meaningless. I want to do it at the park I used to live near and used to take my kids too to play. Alot of good memories there. I'm hoping there my last thoughts will be bittersweet ones.


Can not make it without a support network , I don’t Fucken know what to do ( irl , not online )
I have dependency issues and unable to get help from a mental health professional so I do not know what I can do, this is so Fucken frustrating and too painful to go on, just want to end it all now .


I have no worth... Personally and Professionally..
Trust me, I do all the thing any therapist would recommend doing for a guy in my shoes. I'm a highly educated individual, very active. Very busy. Very social and outgoing. I go to the gym every single day. I climb and go on long hikes frequently. Meditation and yoga. Even roller skate at least once a week.
I'm 6'2, fit, very friendly, generous, considerate, loving and accommodating. Please take my words, I know I am.
Despite people give me compliments on my personality and look fairly often, despite the fact that some people think that I "have a life," I've never felt so lonely and insignificant in my whole life. Maybe I just start realizing it.
I have a graduate degree, but it's been 7 years and I couldn't convince a single employer to hire me. I've been single for 9 years now, and I couldn't convince a single woman to go out with me on a second date. ZERO!
This what bothers me the most, what a worthless of a person I am in this society. I'm a good listener, I pay attention and care about what people share with me. A good conversationalist, as many people have have described me, but then, once it's my turn to say something, if they allow me to say anything, people, friends, family, or coworkers, they stop listening.
Seriously, I see the agony in their eyes. They lose interest immediately once I opened my mouth. They don't respond to whatever I am saying, even when it's a follow up to something they were saying. Mostly they changed the subject. And if I don't say anything, they keep talking and talking and talking, and have no interest whatsoever about what I think.
And no, they don't do this to everyone. Just me. I see it. I clearly see it.
I feel worthless. I feel incompetent. I'm a waste of oxygen. Waste of space. And I'm better off dead.
The only reason I'm still here writing this pathetic post is that I don't wanna break my mom's heart.  Poor woman, lived all her life for us. Otherwise, I would've ended it long time ago.


I'm giving it a week
every day i think of ending my life. I will wait for one good thing to happen in my life. 1 week. 1 week for life to give me one nice thing.


I should be studying right now but suicide is all I can think about
I have a very important exam soon and I basically have to study all day if I don't want to fail. I had to break up with my bf because he kept distracting me but now I feel even worse. I keep checking my phone even though I know there won't be anything. I'm crying all day...I'm just a mess. Idk what to do. Even before this life was a struggle. Everything I used to enjoy is now actually painful to me. I can't listen to music, can't watch movies, can't play games. I don't know when was the last time I was able to relax.  I had depression and anxiety all my life but this is so much worse it's hard to describe. The only reason im still alive is because I don't want to be an even bigger burden on people. Funeral would cost money I don't have and my sister is pregnant so I don't want to stress her out right now. I wish I could just stop existing...


Why the fuck am I still alive
Im 17, I've got another year until my life essentially crumbles and falls apart right before college. Because I know I'm going to fail college extremely quickly, and that I'll be in immense debt. I'm too fucking terrible to work under any kind of stress or place like that. Not only that, but I'm too fucking stupid and talentless to ever think about doing well there. Especially if I'm majoring in arts. My art is fucking terrible. And dont give me that "oh but you're only 17, you'll get better and you'll be happier soon." No, I've plateaued in skill for years now, and not only that, but I have no happiness when I draw or do anything like that. And the worst is that my art skills are the only skill that's almost mediocre at best. I'm shitty and terrible at everything else. I got no fucking future, and I'm just a waste of space on this fucking planet.
Theres no point to something worth fucking nothing.
I have no chances with getting together with anyone, and I'm terrible at making friends nowadays. Every girlfriend I've ever had has dumped me over the phone or had completely switched to someone else. My family doesn't show me too much love, they're always just their, nothing more nothing less. And besides, love is just an empty and hollow chemical reaction in our head that's only purpose is to give us a sex drive so we can reproduce, theres nothing fucking special about it. Just how happiness is not fucking real, neither is love. I have no happiness anymore and I have no fucking love anymore, all I can do is just give love. I literally cannot take love in. Every emotion is fucking blurry and dull, like grey. Along with that, they're extremely mute and small to where I dont think I ever even had them.
I haven't cried to myself in years, and I physically cannot cry anymore.
Whatever the fuck is wrong with me is just that, me. I've attached it to me. This isnt a fucking intrusive thought, this is me, this is who I am. And I have finally accepted the fact that my life has no meaning anymore, and that my family, my friends, the whole world, and myself would be better off if I was dead or gone completely.
Erased off the fucking map. Like the fucking scumbag I am.
And no one would even care.
But i dont have the fucking guts to end it all, I'm a fucking pussy.
So I'm just hoping someone could accidentally kill me or something would just kill me.
Id honestly rather die slowly so I can repent for my scummy life, and repay all the wasted air I've taken into my shitty body.
Bleeding out in an alleyway, alone, hollow, and cold.
And finally happy, that I can finally take a burden off of everyone backs.
Fuck my life, and fuck me.
No one should ever care for a worthless, pointless scum like me who deserves to be fucking slaughtered and eat dirt like the fucking sub-human I am.


My friend has cancer. Why couldn’t that be me?
I’m 16 and this is my first time using reddit, really. So... yeah. I feel so selfish for saying this but I hate... i hate how people who want to live always end up dying. Recently, I found out my friend has cancer. I’m horrified by the news and I wish I could support them but I can’t, it’s a long story.
Why does life work like this?
I’ve been having suicidal thoughts and thinking about contracting diseases and graphic scenarios with me involved. Today after school I didn’t even look both ways.
I think about it everyday.
Now this dear friend of mine, I love her. But, she’s a replica of me. She doesn’t know much about my double life of me wanting to go psycho and jump off a bridge, but she too is suicidal and depressed. She expresses that a lot through social media and just in general, she’s been in deep shit. Never showing up to school bc of anxiety, Going to the hospital after an attempt. I knew everything. I know that because she was my closest friend and told me everything. Like shes one of those people who hated being a burden, but i didn’t care about that so I knew.
I don’t know her like that anymore but.
Why did she have to get this horrible disease, it’s not fair. She doesn’t deserve that shit. It’s crazy because you never want your friend to die but you’d be willing to, like the same doesn’t apply for you. when I want to die I’m perfectly healthy. Nothing is wrong with me. I wish I could just sacrifice myself instead of her or even anyone else in this planet. Give me your illness because I don’t want my life. But sadly it’s not the way life works. My friend may die and here I am lusting over death and being jealous they have an disease that may kill them. I’m so selfish and twisted.


Depression Killing myself
(sorry for my english) At first i was just anxious and sad but now that evolve i can't think or anything , i feel like my brain is empty now i am fucking dumb , i can't sleep anymore . Before that i was funny and interesting for my friend now i repeat myself constantly or i stay quiet and boring. I can't stay in this situation.


I’m not sure if I’m a bad person or not
About three years ago I had a nightmare that I had raped my dog. So the next day I checked her genetalia to see if it seemed mutilated or tampered with. It seemed fine. I checked a couple times more because I wasn’t sure if it looked mutilated or not. Eventually I stopped caring, but sometime later I started to feel, by me checking her private parts, that I am violating her privacy. I know she is just an animal, but I feel horrible for invading her privacy and I want her to trust me. I feel disgusted.


I should end my pathetic life
I can’t do anything right. My dumbass accidentaly put this in r/unpopularopinion
Anyway, this is what it said:
I failed math, so college is out of the picture, Which means I can’t get a music education degree, which is all I’ve wanted to do since I was in 5th grade (I’m a junior in high school now).
I can’t keep a girlfriend, much less a fucking conversation. The girl I’ve had a crush on since August told me that I want her type because I actually try to be a good kid.
My parents sure as hell don’t love me, everytime I try to open up, it just makes me feel worse. My mom try’s to help, but she lives 180 miles away, she can’t always be there for me. I don’t have any friends, because I devote my time to drumming, so nobody wants to talk to me unless I make some sort of pitiful attempt at trying to make friends.
I should just do it today after school, nobody’ll actually care.


If I didn’t have kids
How do you deal with wanting to end it all but knowing the excruciating pain your children would feel if you followed through?


If just one good thing doesn’t happen to me by next week, I’m ready to end it for good.
I’ve tried to kill myself a few times, but I feel more suicidal than ever before. Life keeps fucking kicking my ass and has been for years... since my last suicide attempt, nothing good has happened to me. I’ve only had years of additional trauma since then. No friends, no family, so no one will even care or notice. I feel like I’m meant to kill my self, like I serve no other purpose. I can’t imagine living a good life anymore. Every time I’m positive about something, life fucking takes it away from me. I’m just tired and done trying to live.


Probably tonight, who knows.
I don’t exactly know why I’m making this post, because I’m not going to change my mind.
I’ve finally hit rock bottom, I’m pretty sure. My family are abusive pricks, and I’ve tried to reach out for help regarding that issue, but nothing seems to help, still.
School is the worst part. I get shoved into lockers, get my money taken, a few guys even took it as far as following me home, throwing rocks.
I don’t plan on writing any notes to people, because I don’t have any friends.
Anyways, this is probably goodbye. I hope you all can be stronger than I was.


my love, why do hurt me like this?
My love, you've known me almost as long as I've known myself. You know how pretty I once was. You never saw me when I was happy, but you saw me when my pain was small and infrequent. You loved me then. You found me attractive. As a friend, you've watched my pain grow over the years. As my boyfriend, now, you have discovered that it is unceasing. You love me still, or do you? You watch me fracture, as I crumble between mania and the dark. You know I will never get better, so why do you bother? Why do you call me, bribe me, threaten me into staying? Are you selfish? Is that why? Is it because you are afraid noone will love you like I do? Are you afraid of the silence? Are you afraid of my pain?


I need to disappear. I need help and ideas fast for my brother's sake.
Hi everyone.
I've got a problem that I need to fix.
I also need to do it in a hurry.
The last bastian of family I have is done with me. Well, my sister in law is. She's married to my brother.
I care for them all but my brother the deepest of course.
I had moved away for a long time. No contact whatsoever.
I'm damaging my brother with my mental illness.
I need to weigh all the options I can think of and fast. The rest of the family is not a concern.
His wife hates me and their son is too young to remember any of this.
I'm hoping for comments to help me leave with the least amount of harm to my brother possible. Both short and long term.
Please help me for his sake.


Can't stop thinking about committing suicide
I'm in 10th grade, 15m, low grades, Aspergers, and my dream job requires me to do general studies/highschool (don't know if the translation is quite right). Just gone through a breakup, a month and a half ago since my mother threatend to kill herself just because I wanted my dad to have custody of me, because she was a shitty mother. Now I'm teatering on the edge of the ease of killing myself and the pain it would bring onto others.
​
My family (dad's side) just adopted a dog, and while I do love him to bits, it's not enough to keep me going. He's loving, hyper, goofy, and family fit.
​
My ex and I have been together for 4 months, but it felt like an eternity, and the best time of my life. She had to break up because her own dad, whom she doesn't like, doesn't care about, which also lives miles away from where she lives now, also being far away from the school she's about to finish. She has gone through hell and back just to have the will to live, attempting suicide several times. I told her, and promised her, that no matter what happens to either of us, we'll keep fighting, we'll keep going strong.
But the way it all ended was so sudden. New years was the best day we had together, according to both of us, but then she had to see the people in control of the custody stuff, and then getting to know she's most likely to end up at her dad's place. This changed her mood a lot. She invited me over to her place the second weekend after new years, and was all different and weird. I asked her why, but she just said "I'm tired of *people*". This was obviously a lie, since it was the custody and law bs that had been eating away at her. She didn't want to break my heart, so she lied instead. the week later (or 2 weeks later; time flies fast) we met up at our local grocery store, where she told me the news, we kissed, we hugged, we told eachother about all the wonderful times, we smiled we laughed, we were both heart broken.
Some days later, she said her family told her that she should cut contact with me, because she might get her feelings mixed up in court. To that, I suggested we could talk formally, with no emotions in our words, just direct responses, no selfies, nothing. She agreed, or at least she said so, and we continued chatting. Until some day, I asked her "Wanna talk?", to which she said "I might be able to talk tomorrow. For the last time.." I asked when, and she said she didn't really know; just whenever it fit me. After some negotiating, we agreed on Tuesday 28th January. I asked the final question "Is all of this because of your dad?", and the last thing I got was a selfie of her, emotionless, with the text "I tried".
​
Back to other topics than my ex, my social life is crippled. I have friends who view me as a mutual. I don't think I have a best friend, considering there's no one I talk to daily, no one who really goes to me if they need something, anything. I just wish I could be the one people think of if they need help
​
Classmates call me smart, but that's just because I have 5s in Math, Science and English, which are all the subjects everyone else struggles with. However, I struggle with everything else, and that's even worse considering I have to do more of what I'm doing now, for three more years, and having it be even harder.
​
I have a little brother, who looks up to me no matter what, and I feel bad for him if he turns out like me. He's just like me, hair color, crackhead energy, and everything, despite the fact that we're not at all biologically related.
​
Whenever I'm supposed to do homework or even just be active at school, I think about all the possible ways I could kill myself. It's a reoccuring, scary thought that distracts me from anything, all the time, no matter how hard I try.
​
And even if I manage to get through school and all that hard shit, what's it for? I want to make games, make people happy, the same way some other random graduates did years ago, entertaining me with the games I played, LEGO, Sly Cooper, Ratchet and Clank, and so on. I want to be the person responsible for people to feel such emotions, I want to create fun out of nothing but lines of code.
​
But what's it all for? The full list of emotions I feel are dread, apathy, sadness, nothing, helplessness, hopelessness, and the rare but pure joy of seeing a dog do something funny. What's it all for?
​
EDIT: Got back the will to live a few days ago, because I was misinformed that I didn't need to do General Studies and shit, but it turns out I fucking have to. I was sitting there crying, knowing I couldn't do it, I can't make it, I won't make it, the other subjects will pull me down. Why the fuck do I need to study religion when I want to make games?!? It's all fucking worthless! I just need math, physics, and some programming education to get the job I want, but NNOOOO, I have to know all about everything, everything worthless to me. I have to pick german in the following years because I was idiotic enough to think "Hey, it can't be that hard!" (I was very fucking wrong). None of this helps when my dad says shit like "Pull yourself together", only reminding me of what the fuck I'm pulling away from.


I just don’t want to be awake
it all seems pointless each day. nothing new interests me, i don’t even care for my friends or family. my heart just isn’t into anything here. my bodies here but my mind will never be. i’m trapped and i need a way out. i find it hard to kill myself unless i had a gun, i want to leave everything behind. I want a new life please.


I've only got so much time left, hopefully.
I'll keep this short as I can. My life has been a swirling torment of pain and misery since I could remember. I've accomplished a lot in a few short years, but it's all come crashing down piece by piece. I have nothing left. Even in the good times, I was never happy. I'm alone in my apartment and won't be disturbed. I took 4 bottles of nitroglycerin, and too many xanaxes to count. Here's to hoping I don't wake up tommorow. If you want to message me for any reason, please feel free. Hey Andrey, if you're reading this, pour one out for me you sexy bastard and make sure to get drunk at my wake.


I’m going to kill myself tonight.
my parents are going to cut off all my contact with my friends and the outside world because i drunk alcohol in response to my issues. they said they’re never going to let me out of my sight but i swear i’m going to fucking kill myself whether they fucking like it or not. they will like it, they don’t care about me. i’m not letting them make me suffer any longer. they said they’re going to know every part of my personal life and i can’t let that happen. they drove me over the fucking edge. this is it. this is the end. i’m not going on any longer like this.
i want them to know i fucking hate them now. and i love all my friends and i will miss them so much. i didn’t want it to come to this point, i was trying to improve myself but now they’re just preventing me from doing that. constant surveillance would be the worst torture of my life. i refuse to go through it.
i’ll kill myself because that’s obviously what they want. they don’t care about the fact that they know constant surveillance makes me want to kill myself, they’ll do it anyway. i have no choice.
there’s nothing that can be done to talk me out of this. i have to go now.
goodbye. i’m sorry.


I've failed.
I traveled 2 hours to get 90 mg of roxy or oxycodone. That wasn't before making sure I would actually die from it. Did my research - found out it was 'immediate release.' I have no tolerance built for opiates and so most people who replied to my post on r/opiates have agreed it was a practical death sentence to top it off with a fifth of vodka.
The pills were probably bogus, since I am typing this very much alive, although my thinking is delayed and my body is numb. The fifth was close to gone before I passed out. As far as I was concerned before nodding, I wouldn't wake up. As of right now I'm even fighting to type this.
I passed out and woke up with my boyfriend's dick inside my ass. He followed me to the dealer and knew of my intentions.
And yet throught all of this, I was accused of doing it for attention. Because I ate prior to taking the pills. Or because my 'problems' aren't painful enough. I have a sponsor in Alcoholics Anonymous who I reached out to as I thought I was in my death bed who also accused me of seeking out attention.
I don't know why that hurts so much being dismissed. I spent the whole day going back and forth with dealers.  I took what I thought to be fatal, just to be told all of it was all manipulation.
I don't have any friends and essentially the only person that loves me is my grandma and she lives in a different country. What a sad way to go.


Girl I met online a couple weeks ago told me she is going to take her life
So I met a girl on reddit through a mutual interest subreddit and we started chatting on Skype.  It quickly became obvious that she isnt okay and is clearly depressed.  Shes talked about missing a few therapy sessions and she stopped taking her meds because of the way they make her feel.
She has been used and abused her whole life, even by her family so she doesnt really have anyone.  The last guy she loved has pretty much ghosted her.
Me and her have chatted off and on for about 2 weeks.  Its slowed down a bit the past couple of days and last night she messaged and said she was going to delete skype.  When I asked her why, she said she is deleting all her social media because she thinks she is going to take her life.  She said she started researching it again and plans to do it "not tonight but soon".
I tried to be supportive and all that and tried to tell her to get back into therapy and get back on her meds.  I offered to have someone call her from a hotline or something, which she adamantly refused.
I want to get this poor girl help, but theres only so much I can do.  I truly feel like I may be the last string that she is holding on to and while I dont mind helping, I just dont want this all on me.
I only know her first name and what state she lives in.  Thats about it other than appearance and other minor details.
I would appreciate any suggestions or other subreddits that might be able to help more.


I'm just tired...
I hate knowing I'm not the only person who is just tired.. I am truly sorry for everyone out there that just has a hole inside of them..for the ones who are in bad situations and feel like death is the only way to peace. I'm sorry for those that don't know why they want to die when life is going really good. These thoughts are so loud and so painful. I hope to god that others are able to find peace. Life is hard enough without feeling like your life here on earth means nothing. I'm so tired... and just know that if you feel alone.. there are people out there that care. This place is fillled with kind hearted people sharing their warmth with others who have none in their daily life.. I don't know if I can say this life is worth the fight.. but what I can say is you matter.. even if you only matter to this group of people who are feeling the same pain.. you matter to someone.


Fuckkkk I can't wait to kill myself
People suck and life is disappointing I cant fucking wait to fucking blow my brains out


I don't want to be here anymore
I slip up in uni a lot. My rommates are annoyed by everything I do and I feel like a burden to my boyfriend. I feel like I'm the reason we have no friends, me and my weird antics.
I've got a family history of cancer and mental instability, so maybe the world would be better off without me needing its resources or always making someone uncomfortable by not being able to filter my thoughts.
Except for my family, there's not many people that would miss me, and just like other deaths the world will just keep on turning. I feel numb, dumb and useless.


Planning but trying to find that string to hold onto
I’m trying to figure everything out, feels like a lot.
Where? I don’t want my mum finding me, she doesn’t deserve to find me dead. Maybe that’s why jumping would be the best. But I keep getting prescribed these meds, maybe taking them all would be the easiest way out. I want it to be quick, easy and over.
I’ve tried talking with friends, family and therapists about theses thoughts and they throw pills at me and say they love me. But I guess that isn’t enough to change these feelings. As the days goes by the thoughts get louder, needs to be done sooner.
I don’t know what to cling to for life anymore. School and work has no meaning to me, it’s just what I’m supposed to do. I don’t trust friends to stick around, everyone leaves. My family... they’ve use me, and if they don’t need my help then why don’t want me around.  My memories  keep me trapped in the past, the present is filled with problems of the past
Just living day by day.  But existing isn’t enough, it makes me beg that when I go to bed I’ll never wake up. I want to slip into that deep dark sleep and stay there


Hiking for the rest of my life
My final step. I've considered this over eating a bullet or whatever. Just disappear, see how long I can go for. Like Jules said in Pulp Fiction, "walk the earth". I've hiked my entire life feeling like I'm running from something, maybe instead I should look for something.


If I hear one more peep about #BellLetsTalk, I *will* kill myself.
So another #BellLetsTalk day has come and gone, with almost every Canadian somehow giving Bell Canada all kinds of free advertising yesterday on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Reddit etc., and those fucking greedy, heartless jackasses at Bell are trumpeting all over their media outlets this morning that they "raised" over $7 million yesterday for mental health initiatives in Canada.  If Bell ever continues this campaign, I WILL kill myself.  Maybe I'll march up to Bell's headquarters in Montreal and kill myself right then and there.  Maybe that'll make head honcho Mirko Bibic happy and change his mind about pretending to give a shit about mental health.
For those outside of Canada, Bell is a massive, greedy, heartless, good for nothing telecom conglomerate, and I want this piece of shit company (and its "mental health" campaign) gone forever.


I attempted. It failed.
Something broke after I passed out, and I came to, and got myself out. Something must be watching out for me. I'm going to go get some food and then head to hospital.


Failed attempt
I tried slitting my wrist and it didn't work and apparently it doesn't actually kill you. So I told my best friend and he was very helpful, but after a few days he hasn't even texted me back and is actively avoiding me he also told his girlfriend even tho it was supposed to be a secret. Everyone in school hates me and treats me like a lowlife freak my dad dosnt give a shit and still emotionally and physically abusing me. I said "I just want to die" very seriously and my bestfriends girlfriend started laughing at me very hard. Never had a girlfriend or any real friends. What is wrong with me.


I'm so done...
Hi,
​
Lets start from the beginning.... I have a big depression, i'm depressed for 12-13 years due to the things that I've been through with 13 years old. I was basically a criminal (don't know how to say it correctly in English), my day was drugs, robbery, fights etc... One day I noticed that I was going on the wrong way so I quit drugs and all the bad stuff. But then, at the same time I noticed too that I don't have anything (like studies, work, etc) so I locked myself in my room for 10 years.
Later, I felt that I can't stay more in the room, I went to the pscychologist and psychiatrist. The psycologist didn't help me at all but the prescriptions help me with anxiety at least. A few months later, I tried suicide for the first time. I cut my wrists but I survived. I've been in a mental hospital and then I tried two more times with pills, but I only got passed out for many hours. Since that, my day consists in work (shit work) and drug me with weed and prescriptions (I include oxy here) and think about all until I go to sleep.
​
At the time I write this post I'm thinking to try it again... I'm scared to death but I think I can't do more. I tried all.
​
Sorry if there's something bad with my English, is my 4th language.


can’t do this no more god kill me
why the good ones gotta go man Kobe and GiGi really hurt
why couldn’t it be me. what good am I doing to this planet? I can’t even support my family, can’t get good grades the least they expect of me


Dominoes
Last year on March 5th I found out that my childhood best friend had taken his own life. I learned about it right after I got off work. I was in a gas station getting some things when I was scrolling through facebook and saw a mutual friend of ours post an old photo of the two of them with the caption “rip”.  It was an old photo. I thought the caption was a joke about how he’s grown up. But I went to his profile and was shocked to find out he had been found dead. His father passed away a few months before he ended his own life. He got hit by a train and died at age 39. He was young. And my friend had such a hard time dealing with it. I tried to talk to him as much as I could. He never reached out to me or anyone really. I told him that he could talk to me any time. But he never really started a conversation first. His father’s passing destroyed him. They were best friends. On the days leading up to his suicide, I kept having dreams of memories with him. And these dreams came out of no where. It made me feel like I should talk to him. It’s like my consciousness knew something was about to happen. But I never messaged him. And I let that thought stay in my head. I will never speak to him again. He was 21 years old. He had burned himself alive. And it’s so distressing to know that he felt agony before he let go. I wish I could have saved him. But I realize it’s no one’s responsibility to save someone from themselves. I think of him every single day. I drove home from the gas station with the shock of the news. The Beatles came on and that’s when I started breaking down. I didn’t feel the need to cry before this. He loved them so much. We both did. Sometimes I can’t stop thinking about death because of the last few years. He isn’t selfish in my eyes for what he did, I understand and feel his choices. But a lot more people cared about him than he thought. A few days passed after he died. About six days later, his mom decided to take her own life. And I cannot make this up. So the family lost a brother, a father, and a mother. He has three sisters and one brother that are all without them now. And i can’t imagine how they felt. I’ve had my own suicide attempts, but i felt like bringing light to the other side. What it’s like to lose someone to it instead of losing yourself. I find comfort in knowing that he isn’t in pain anymore. But I wish the pain went away when he was alive. He is going to miss his own daughters growing up now. And it breaks my heart every time I think about him.
I’ll leave you with the last post he ever made on social media.
“There’s no right or wrong way to manage your mental illness. You are not less of a person for needing medication or having to go to therapy multiple times a week. If something helps your mental health, take the time to do it. don’t stop, no matter what other people think.”


Its all in my head but it's still real
I consider myself an smart man.
I know chemical reactions, electricity,brain areas influence mood, thoughts,etc. My depression could very well be chemical:I still feel it as real.
I won't say the method since it's against the rules but I decided a method to die.im not a minority or gay;suicide is not common in. My group,yet I still want to.
As I said I believe it's all due to bad brain reactions...my survival instinct told me to post here and try to survive .


I'm planning to do it tonight.
I'm going to board the bus to the city, get to the train station and jump Infront of a train. Goodnight


Has anyone had success with lithium?
M


I no longer think about taking my own life
I think I figured it out. I no longer think about taking my own life, or even trying to do so just for the hospitalization (which was nice experience when I did it once). My life is currently pretty shit, but I have accepted that and I hope it soon will change (have to do some final exams to get out of one of the worst high schools there). I don't know what exactly caused this - maybe it's because I have accepted that life is unfair, or because I am no longer nihillistic, or it's because I realized that I am the one who is responsible for my own life, or maybe the meds finally kicked in, I don't know. But I feel like I am out, no longer parasuicidal. Haven't been for 2 months straight.


My sister destroyed are relationship
I've been staying with my sister for last month and have been helping out as much as I can. we were really close and I've always been there for her and she has always helped me. I did anything she asked me to picked up the kids from school. I always kept the house cleaned. Well I finally got a job last week and I finally felt like my life was getting better. I haven't been home much to clean up and stuff because I've been working. She asked me to pick the kids today but I couldn't because I had work and I didn't want to be late. Next thing I know she texting me telling I have to leave and go back to Florida Because her landlord said there can't be more then two adults there. My mom doesn't have a place for us yet down. The whole reason I came up there was because we got evicted. I don't why she doing this to all of sudden. I'm always respect to her and husband. They were like my second family. This hurts so much for her to do this I think it might be her husband but idk. I'm 19 and have been evicted a billion times because of my mom. She was also the one who wanted me up here in the first place. I'm feel like about die just can't take this anymore. I try to get myself on track and stuff just keeps happening.


I wish I were in the helicopter with Kobe...
...or in another similar situation where some unavoidable accident happens and ends me quickly and decisively - mechanical failure, natural disaster, random unforeseen fatality, etc.
It would have allowed my family to avoid the stigma that comes with suicide, allowed me to finally end my pain and no individual would face any blame.  It seems like such a clean and acceptable way to go out.
I feel terrible for the family members of those that were in Kobe's helicopter because they didn't ask for or deserve this tragic loss.  But as someone suffering from suicidal ideation myself, it would have been a perfect situation for me to have been in - quick, relatively painless, tragically unanticipated, no one's fault, etc.  I fantasize about this often and can't stop thinking about how what happened to Kobe would have been perfect for me.
Unlike catching some sort of disease like cancer or virus (which would take a long time and leave my family financially drained from medical bills) or being murdered (which would feel unjust and unresolved) or even committing suicide (which would bring long-lasting stigma, unanswered questions and endless second-guessing) dying by a tragic accident seems like it would accomplish everything I am looking for.
Am I fucked up for feeling this way?


I had a lot of friends but like i feel relaxed now that i isolated myself
They all are just pro lifers. They make me feel guilty to feel that way. I won't say that i feel better now that i'm alone, but i feel less weight on me. Now i suffer alone. And i'll die all alone... Uh oh


Too scared to die, but I want to see blood
I am too chickenshit to actually shot  myself in the head, or actually dying.
But I really hate myself right now and I want to see a lot of blood. Is there a way for me to see a lot of my own blood without actually dying? I heard if I see blood then it means it is too late.


What the fuck am i suposed to do with myself
Turned 18 on 13.01
Got kicked out from school
No job
No plans


Everything i do is useless
I used to try to poison the people i hate because they were the source of my problems, i realised that even if i did successfully do it the police will get involved and more people would hate me.
I have decided that if i kill myself, there is no one to cause the mistakes.


I plan to die sometime in March. Not going to lie, it’s kind of hard thinking about it
There’s so many books and shows that I still haven’t read or watched. I’m cramming as much as I can but I know I’m never gonna finish everything on my checklist. On top of that, it’s kind of scary knowing I’ll be gone soon. There’s still so much preparations that have to be done but I haven’t started yet.
Obviously I don’t want to die. But I don’t really have any other choice. I can’t afford any of the colleges Ive been accepted to, I don’t have a car, I haven’t bought any of my senior graduation shit. Im ugly and poor. The future just ain’t gonna be kind to me. I’m not sure how I want to go out yet.


No note
As someone that feels essentially abandoned by everybody, what could possibly come out of leaving a note behind after my death? What could be said that hasn't already? It's not like they had any impact while I was alive to speak them, so what good is giving guilt, shame, remorse to the living? They won't notice, they won't listen and they won't care. The world keeps spinning and tomorrow could be a new day I don't have to suffer anymore..
I just don't understand the notion or sentiment of leaving behind a note. For a world that left me this way, what exactly do I owe to it?


How do I cut myself without hitting an artery or killing myself by accident?
I wanna die, but RN I'm resisting, so self harm is the only way. Yes, I go to a therapist, a psychiatrist, I take my meds, and I even go to the fucking gym. It still doesn't work and it is getting worse. So please, give me advice on how to self harm without killing myself


I’m waiting
The only thing that’s stopping me from killing myself is that I can’t buy a gun yet. I wanna do it with a shotgun because it’s statistically the highest success rate. And the last thing I want is to survive and people see me differently afterward.


I feel dead inside
I'm gay. Also I'm very depressed, I'm trying to become more social, but I don't know what I'm doing. I go and have a good time and get back only to think about everything I could've done wrong. I've always just been tossed aside. I was always the weird kid. Always had my nose in a book. I've had a rough go, and it only gets worse. I want to put myself in hospital to get help, but I can't afford it. I'm just so damn tired of life, but I keep on pushing, there are some days that the only thing that keeps me going is making sure my mom doesn't have to live out on the streets. Maybe, I can die from a freak accident so that my mom wouldn't blame herself.


I can't keep going anymore
I can't do this anymore.. my lifes always been rough but lately has really pushed me over the edge. I'm so alone and feel so isolated. My social situation has basically become me by myself.. day after day.. I yearned so badly for some kind of connection but I can't see the point. I want to just die... I just don't have the fight in me anymore.  I used to wish and try so badly for things to be different but medical reasons and etc have really reinforced how alone I am. I'm debating really just giving up tonight... I'm so tired... so drained..  I just want this all to end.. I wish that it didn't have to come to this.. I just.. Can't anymore.


The only reason I haven't killed my self is because of half life
Chapter 17 so far. Dunno if it's worth playing half life 2.


the girl I liked took her life
Hi, I just made this account and I felt like I had to say something extremely tragic that has happened. There was a girl in my class, at first glance I thought she was so beautiful. We talked and I couldn’t help but look at her in class (not in like in a weird way haha), I was just interested in her. I am a girl myself and I have had some thoughts of me being bi, but she was like the one that made me kinda realise it. I am still not quite sure, but what I felt for her was I think more than just platonic. I however never got the chance to out this or completely think it through. I heard yesterday that she took her life 3 days ago. I feel extremely sad for her and her friends and family.. It came unexpected in my eyes, I had just spoken to her the week before. I just am really sad, I keep thinking of how she must have felt and I can not stop thinking about her. I also am not out to anyone yet and I have a hard time really expressing my grief in front of my family and friends, that is why I am sharing it on here. I hope she rests well and that she is in a better place.


At the end of my rope
I’m just a mess. I’m 22 years old, I have no friends, my girlfriend left me. I find no enjoyment in anything. My entire day is filled with thoughts of suicide. Literally every second is filled with thoughts of death. I drink constantly. I’ve been depressed since I was 12. Please help me :(


Tonight feels like the night but I cant hurt my mom
If my mom weren't around, it would already be done  I love her so much I could never hurt her more than I do.
The day she passes on, I may reconsider.
There's nothing but a ticking clock, I guess.


I want to die. Please tell me how.
Listen, no one is gonna convince me otherwise cause that’s all I’ve been getting. Please tell me how to do it painlessly and easily or stfu...


I want to kill myself because I can't get a girlfriend...
Since the summer of 2015, I have tried to develop a dating life and be able to find a girlfriend. I have done and tried the following to try and improve my dating woes:

- Started dressing nicer, showering everyday, going to the gym 3 times a week.
- Online dating such as Tinder, Bumble, OkCupid, Plenty of Fish.  I have never met up with any girls on these sites, I don't send generic messages such as "hi" or "hey"
- Got out of the house more. Went to a bunch of college clubs to meet people and meet girls. Everything from church group, film production, improv, and more. Most girls there don't give me the time of day, I try talking to them but many of them are unfriendly towards me.
- Trying to talk and interact with girls in my class.

Iv'e tried everything I have possibly could to try and change my dating woes. In my five years of doing all of this, here are my stats:

- Swiped on thousands of girls, messaged hundreds of girls on online dating; only one girl I met from online dating ever turned into a date.
- Probably talked to around 50 girls in real life in the various clubs i'm in.
- I asked out 15 girls out on a date, 4 said yes.  One was technically a yes but she didn't even see it as a date and decided to friendzone me.  The other three simply didn't go anywhere, either they ghosted me afterwards or I wasn't attracted to them.
- Still a virgin.
- Have never had a girl over.
- Never even kissed a girl

My self-esteem and the way I view myself has drastically plummeted; I used to be so happy and full of life but now I am completely depressed.  I am a 25 year old man who is in the prime of his life, I should be out there going on dates, having sex, finding somebody who actually wants me.   I have had crushes on girls ever since I was 5 years old, so the fact that women want absolutely nothing to do with me is crushing me on the inside, and it's been like this for the past five years.
I cannot take it anymore, I am at my breaking point.  People say you're still young and that you still have plenty of time to find someone but how much longer will they say that?    When I am 30 years old, 35 years old, 40 years old, will they still be saying that I am young and have so much time to find someone?     I'm tired of waiting, i'm tired of constantly putting myself out there and talking to girls only for it to end in rejection and heartbreak.   Have I suffered for long enough?
And the most messed up thing is that I know WHY women arne't attracted to me, and there's nothing I can do about it.  Too short, weird voice, aspergers syndrome, not good looking enough, just to name the main things, and I can't change these things.  I face a lot of discrimination in the realm of dating because of my height.
I could list several reasons why I think I would make a good boyfriend, why I think women should give me a chance, and not the generic "i'm nice" response.

- I may be short but i'm fit and fairly active, I watch what I eat.
- I have many different hobbies and interests (that doesn't include video games)     I play piano, guitar, variety of sports, videography.
- I have an active social life and am very involved with various clubs in my college.
- I'm poor now but i'm in college trying to better myself and get an education so that in the future, I can be financially well off.
- I don't smoke, I don't do drugs, never been to jail, have my own car and my own apartment.
- Due to inheritance, i'm going to have a lot of money someday.
- I'm kind, loyal, and don't really ask for much, just for someone who wants me.



I told him and he still left.
Told my boyfriend I'm suicidal and he, like everyone else, didn't take me seriously. Told me he'd be up in a few hours and left. I'm alone now. There's nothing stopping me.


Too anyone who saw last nights post
Well to anyone who did you know about my plan for today and as I said anyone in the Inverness area who wants to do it aswell is welcome to join me on my drive up essich, bring all the booze or substances you want and let's do this


One more day on this earth, one more day wanting to kill myself
I absolutely despide myself and everything about my life. I feel sorry for my parents, they didn't deserve to have such a loser son


I’m killing myself next month.
Jumping from the 31st floor is going to kill me instantly, right? I think I’m doing it next month. If not, I’ll just OD.


Sunday is the day of rest
It gives me enough time to clean up, put everything in order and pass.
I will be alone for 3 to 4 hours, more than enough time.
Pick up what I need tomorrow after work, not today need to stay on routine, no one will know.
I'm past the tears, the thoughts of what I'm leaving behind dont sting as much, I'm crying less. I think this is what peace feels like, acceptance.
Over the years I have been close to committing suicide, and have attempted twice. The first time was a joke bc it was in the moment and really stupid. The second time was T3s, got high and scratches everywhere, but I was still here. The options are not the best, no guarantees, but this time for once in my life it feel I can do something right. I'll be in control, in a safe space, and I dont think I will be scared, I'm not scared thinking about or planning it.


I need help
How can I kill myself? Suggest methods please.


i should be in class doing a exam but i am here because i dont feel like going,i dont wanna talk or see no one
My grades make me suicidal
I am from Serbia so we donr have gpas and that stuff so its different.I got a 4.5 out of 5 and we are halfway through the year.Someone would say this is definitely not bad but my school is a elite one.I came from a village nearby the town and i was the only one from my village.Also my grades are so weird.I got an A in geography, history and many others,solid Bs in math physics and i got a C in Russian.I got an F now in chemistry and i blame myself too much.My teacher is known in the school for brutal tests and she just wants too much from us for an A. I ended up with a D in her class and a D in my eyes is so bad.When i saw the grade my heart just hurt and i was shocked.I studied so hard and ran through many formulas for thr questions she would put and i got a F.The only one who has a D in chemistry is the guy who is just lazy and has 3 Fs already and i dont deserve this.I consider killing myself just because of chemistry.Help me i dont know what to feel i dont know if i did bad or if i did my best.The questions she sends us to solve are no match to questions we get in the test, and somehow i was the only one to get an F.My mother knows that its hard but it really takes a toll on me.Any advice would be appreciated and thanks for reading through this.


I can’t do this anymore. I’d really like someone to talk to.
I can’t take stuff going wrong anymore. I’ve gone through too much. I hate to even write this, but I sometimes feel like drama is attracted to me for some reason. It’s like everyone else will have a positive experience with something, but it’ll go wrong for me. I’m the one who gets emotionally abused. I’m the one who isn’t liked. I’m the one who something doesn’t work for.
Today, I found out I have a D in one of my classes. It’s only the second fucking week of school. The reason is because there were these online assignments we had to do - I did them but the program didn’t record my scores for some of them. So I have Fs for both of them. I know for a fact that I submitted both of those assignments and I got high grades, but the computer is now showing something different. (I get t if you’re confused - It makes no sense to me either.)
It bothers me so much because I feel like my life has fallen apart ever since I’ve graduated college. My mom has become emotionally abusive. I still haven’t been able to find a job and move out. My roommates from college decided I was the “friend no one likes” during the last semester, so I have no friends. I’ve called suicide hotlines several times because of this and I’ve had horrible experiences with that as well. I’ve had some actually defend my mother. (If you have no experience/empathy regarding emotional abuse, please stay away from me.)


Why
Why do people keep going...it feels like when I am excited or powering through I am just lying to myself.  I dont want to kill myself always.  But the feeling has been getting stronger and stronger my whole life.  Suicide seemed kind of outrageous when I was younger and with each year, each month, it seems more and more like the way.
I am very lonely.  I am disgusted by the people around me but I also have a lot of love for them.  I want to love myself and I have tried.
To no success.   I feel ugly and desperate.  I burst into tears a lot and everything seems purposeless. My therapist is no help.
Im so fucking alone.  And I could reach out to people if I want to. I know how to be charming.  I am good looking and go to a good school.  I have lots of good things and so on.
But I fucking hate people.  And I fucking hate myself.  As much as I know this is a toxic and degenerative mindset, I cannot shed it.
I don't want to be around people.  There is nothing I want to work for.  Everyone I am close to exasperates and exhausts me.
I assume no one will read this.  Whatever.  I am inching closer to the edge.  I'm trying to move the opposite way, into life, but...
It isn't fucking working.


(20M) Going To Kill Myself
Hey.
I'm just a random male college sophomore living in the United States. And I've wasted my entire life. I know that might sound dramatic: but here is why.
I grew up in a suburban middle-class evangelical Christian family, to oversimplify things. We were — and still are, the present time — neither that particularly rich or poor. You get the general picture. I guess pretty sheltered from the world as well. But I was too socially incompetent to have done anything, regardless.
My time in (public) middle and high school can be generally characterized as a total waste. Teachers would always remark about how "bright" and "lucid" I was, but I could never grasp the nuances of social interaction — I have Aspergers— and thus spent the overwhelming majority of my time alone and away from others. Video games, books, and other forms of entertainment almost entirely consumed my time. I ended up with mediocre grades from anxiety and transferred into a local community college.
I always knew that my social isolation from others was atypical. But the full extent of my problems didn't hit until I realized awhile ago that the overwhelming majority of my peers are no longer virgins, partied, have developed stable social networks, and are much more mentally advanced socially than I am. I feel like a 13-year-old trapped in the body of someone far older.
People my age want to go to parties, I've never even had a single (true) close friend in my life; people want sex, I just want someone to cuddle me. Etc. I'm not even on the same level. It's left me all so insecure about myself. I cringe at the realization that I've spent my entire life nearly friendless, never in a relationship, totally alienated from my generation. And it feels like no one will ever understand my problems.
I'm deeply insecure about my own physical appearance; or, to put it more accurately, how people react to it. I get a strong sense of disgust every time I gaze upon my own reflection in the mirror. It's a topic that has caused me a great amount of self-hatred. I hate my appearance. A casual glance at a site like Snapchat or Instagram shows how attractive men and women get adoration, reverence, and praise from just merely existing. And me? I've never been complimented on my appearance by a woman in my entire life.
It causes me to feel disgusted about myself. I read what men and women say about their attractive partners. I feel like no one will ever truly view me like that. I'll always be someone women settle for. That isn't love. I often wish I didn't have any romantic feelings. I'll never be viewed as attractive. It makes me feel so inferior.
I can't help but feel a disgusted mix of sadness, envy, and repressed anger towards the world. It all feels so random, so meaningless, I've dwelt on it to the point of being cynical about whether love truly exists. They'll say that "no one" deserves love... which only makes me hate myself anymore. My mental health is in tethers.
My social skills are non-existent. I never learned how to communicate with others, impress women, etc. I literally spent a decade in my room alone. I was a freakin' idiot. I can't get those years back.
And the suggested "help" I've seen online from armchair commentators is even worse. Alone? Having trouble with the girls? Friends in general? They'll urge you to go after the hollowest, meaningless, and hedonistic things in existence. I see it now: someone in the comments is ready to recommend visiting a strip club, hiring a prostitute, or watching pornography on your computer. Heck! Pay for friendship too.
It's absolutely ridiculous. They just want you to shut up, keep repeating crap about how the world will ultimately work out for you, and wait for you to disappear from the face of it. I still don't know how people easily obtain friendships, etc. The notion of someone other than family particularly caring about me honestly seems totally surreal. Like a dream you'd come up to relieve yourself of sadness, then, cry as you realize that it is nothing more than such. I just want someone to cuddle up next me. I want to be loved. I want friends. And all of this seems forever out of my reach.
I'm also a kissless virgin who has never been in a relationship. But I'm not necessarily depressed about it for the reasons that might be typical among my peers. It's less about the sex than the idea of a women finding me desirable/important to her. And I feel like the world is implicitly telling me that I'm too ugly, insecure, and meaningless to be loved.
I'm not unintelligent from an academic/"book-knowledge" mperspective. I turned my grades around once I got motivated in college. I'm currently riding with a 3.9 GPA as a sophomore. But it feels like elite schools like Harvard, Yale, etc. are now impossible for me to reach regardless of my efforts. Any chance of that perished with my miserable years in high school. My CC allows me to transfer to a top public university in our state... but the whole notion still kind of stings me. (Yeah, cry me a river and all of that.) A good academic career? That's probably over as well.
I always wanted to make music as a dream career. I can create epic songs in my head, etc. (I want to get good at syntheizers... think synthwave) But I don't know if I'll have the time now to ever become close to perficient. I'vd barely picked up an instrument before now. So I don't even really know where to begin.
I'm uncertain what my career path in life will be after college. (I'm still taking prereqs now) I felt forced to go to college by my parents. Still don't have a job. Still don't have a driver's license. I don't even know if there is a good place for me to start off at.
I feel undesired, unwanted, and abandoned in a world that is either vindictive or uncaring about my entire existence. Being white, male, autistic, socially awkward, and a virgin all together at once carries a lot of negative connotations in modern day society. So I'm afraid of what people would wrongly presume about me if I told anyone this in real life. (that I'm sexist, dangerous, etc.)
I feel like the gap will make me inevitably disconnected from my peers. I have no idea what a 20 year old is supposed to have done by now. Do most people have friends? Do they go to parties? I'm utterly disconnected from experiences that all of my peers have already done. A lot of things that you are supposed to do as a teenager I utterly missed. I just sat, cried, and got bored in my room every day. Can anyone tell me - at 20 and 1/4 - what exactly I missed? I can't tell what's normal. And that's absolutely pathetic.
How the freakin' heck are you supposed to fix this mess in a relatively short period of time? I'll graduate in 2.5 years. What's next? The fun times are then passed. You are expected to drone away for the next 50 years or my life. I'm not doing that crap. That's a fate nearly as bad as suicide.
I've missed the boat entirely. I've never really had any close relations with my peers ever. Can you even fix a past like this? I'm constantly overcome with the feeling of being unwanted and alone, that my chance of accel at my goals is now past, and that I should just lay over, rot, and die.
I just want to do something substantive in my life. To experience the world, to accomplish things, to be the most moral and outstanding person I can be, but I just fear that all of this has already passed.
Am I wrong? Any tips? Any recommendations? I feel like the days are going by.... and I'm doing nothing with them. Feel free to ask me anything about this. I'll respond relatively quickly.
I'm afraid of dying a cynical, bitter man who wasted their entire life.
I'm already 1/4th of my way through my 20th year of life... and I have no idea how to talk to people. My childhood and adolescence is pretty much completely over. And I learned nothing from it. If I'm 21 and things don't get better... I'm tempted to find a legal (!!!) way to kill myself. I'm sorry. But I can't become a failure like this. I can't rot and die. I don't want to die.
The thought of suicide horrifies me. But I don't want to live this sort of life, either. And once hope dies, there's not really much making you want to stay here. Every day is absolutely horrific. I can't imagine being alone on my 21st birthday.
I'm getting to the point in which I don't think errors of this magnitude can be fixed. I can't live like this.
Can someone help me: please?


Nothing you do matters
All your achievements will be dusted away 20 years after your death


No way out, killing myself in the very near future
Ok, so:
​
After my last suicide attempt with alcohol and buprenorphine and alcohol some days, maybe a week ago (I don't know, the days just melt together) I have finally concluded that I will never achieve anything, I will forever be a dysfunctional parasite who just leeches support from literally everyone around me without ever giving anything back. I am about to drop out of university for the second time in my life, I have lost my income, I am soon two months behind on rent. I am sick of constantly trying and trying and always, ALWAYS failing. I have literally not achieved anything since 2011. Depressed for around 15 years by this point, I just see absolutely no way out of this. I will always be depressed and miserable, no matter what happens. Sure, my life has had happier and better moments in it, but they do not make up for all the misery in between those times. Life, to me, just objectively seems to not be worth living.
​
I'm not sure why I wrote this incoherent mess. I'm not looking for help, I'm probably not even willing to accept any more of it at this point. So yeah. See you in hell, everyone.
​
EDIT: Oh yeah maybe I should add that I have tried to get help. In and out of psych wards, a million different antidepressants, three years of therapy, ketamine treatment, ECT. I really don't think there's anything left for me anymore.


It’s my birthday
It’s my birthday. I turn 19 today. I’m laying in bed alone in my apartment. I have no friends I have a rough relationship with my family. It’s my birthday and all I can think about it killing myself. I’m supposed to be celebrating my life today. Instead i’m laying alone in bed fantasizing about dying. What the fuck is wrong with me. I wish I had a will to live today. I wish I had a will to live in general


I'm So Tired
I feel physically tired and drained from feeling so damm worthless. All I'm thinking about is how I will die like what's the best method? I know if I had the chance i would do it in a heartbeat. Theirs always that thought of "My family will miss me" that's sort of keeping me going right now.
I just want to go to someone but I'm scared of what my family will think, I'd rather feel completely numb than this constant pain i feel everyday man is it tiring I Hate this soo much I just wanna leave this place


Talking doesnt help
I found out the worst news and its gonna tear my family apart I'm so numb and I've been calling the suicide hotline and talking but it doesnt help I just want this pain to end


I have all the materials to kill myself now, but I don't know if I can do it.
All day every day, I just think about the past. My brain continually analyses past people, places, events and I have a compulsive habit of talking to myself which caused me to get into trouble at work.
Reliving past experiences continually means I never truly let go. Instead I continually feel the highs and lows of the past. I can't stop this.
I've been fixated on a specific YouTuber for 6 years. I've thought about him every day. In 2014, my friends noticed I had an odd obsession. There's no rational reason why I'm obsessed with this person over prolonged periods of time.
I'm 24 now and things from when I think about things that happened when I was 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 every day.
I was hurtful and destructive as a teenage - put no effort into school, bullied others - and it makes me guilty every day.
I've had 10 sessions of EMDR but nothing has changed.
"The truth is, unless you let go, unless you forgive yourself, unless you forgive the situation, unless you realize that the situation is over, you cannot move forward."
― Steve Maraboli
It appears I'm stuck with this mindset and will never get out of it. I believe it is fundamental to my chemistry. I don't believe anyone truly understands what I'm going through - professional mental health team included.
I feel stuck. My brain continually fixates on the past, I left my job, I don't feel ready to study again. Just a struggling NEET.
But my parents are so loving. They really like having me home. It'll ruin them if I go kill myself. They'll never forgive themselves, and it'll leave a hole in my family. But I feel like killing myself what I've gotta do.
:(


Life goes on.
I remembered who I was again last week. Down the self hate rabbit hole again. Life is boring but at least the internet gives me great content for my sadistic brain. I am so close to 21, so my plan has always been to get super cross faded as much as possible until I just jump out a window. I wish I could be a ghost for one last high to see how people react to my death. If anyone wants to chat for once I'm kinda in the mood; we can circlejerk about how life gets better or about people's reaction to Kobe's death


Suicide
I want to die in a relatively painless way. I was looking it up, and it sent me to rhw suicide hotline. 10 minutea and no answer. Really!? Anyway...i didn't want t to post where my famjly would see. I appreciate all kindness I've ever been shown. Good bye


Hopefully I’ll get it right this time
Since I attempted to take my life on my birthday I’ve been so hollow and hopeless that I’ve been experimenting with alcohol combined with different types of doses of pills from my moms medicine drawer to finally keep me from ever waking up.  Tonight I drank a 6 pack of beer took about 4 temazepam and 6 tramadol. Wish me luck


it’s done
i have no future i guess. falling back into old habits. i don’t know the exact date of when but i know how i’m gonna do it,, these thirteen years have been the worst (and only) years of my life but yk that’s okay. it’s such a shame. i cant find anything else to love anymore really except my gf who loves me much less, is distancing herself a lot, doesn’t trust me, doesn’t think i should trust her, and the main reason she’s still in the relationship is because i might off myself once she breaks up with me. i cant stop crying! all the memories of us to waste huh? all the broken promises of having a future and being happy? huh. and all over a girl, too. i seem pretty stupid. i’ll try to live but you know. sucks.


I want to just want to die
)I'm 15 y/o male that has tried to off myself 4 times, that just got my first friends since I was 9 late last year and 2 of them are like brothers to me and I also have a now girlfriend(neither if us want sex for reasons) which is a first but it just seems to be going down hill I tried already in mid December and once in early January ans just this morning I was left alone for 3 hours (rare for me since I have 11 siblings) and for two of them I sat with a 12g in my lap or to my head but couldn't because my girlfriend and my two closest friends sais they'd follow me in death and I don't want that for them, I sat with the 12g in my lap and my phone on my hand looking at a screenshot of my girlfriend crying that says "come back to me" because she wants to spend her life with me, and I just couldnt off myself
......but I just want the pain to stop
If you want I have a longer one that explains why
thanks for taking time out of your day to read this read from a piece of shit


AAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I want to fucking die already!!!!!!!! WHY, WHY,WHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHYWHY
Why dose it hurt so much
Why can’t I smile
Why can’t I do anything wright
Why am I such a failure
Why can’t I keep my shit together
Why can’t I be better
Why can’t I stop cutting
Why can’t I loose weight
Why can’t I die
Why can’t my family love me
Why
Why
I don’t understand this
I don’t understand why people want to live. I just don’t get it!!!!!!! I WANT TOOOO DIEEEE


Query
Do you automatically get sent to a psych ward/place if you tel them you have a plan? Any time they’ve asked I’ve always said no no, no plan. But that’s a lie. I’ve just never felt comfortable telling them. I’m in the UK


9 more days
The 10 day wait in my state is stupid. I've felt this way as long as I can remember, nothing will be different in 9 more days. Im beyond defeated, I have no fight left. I just have no one to tell so heres a throwaway. Place bets on how long before my body is found if anyone even looks


I want to be dead already.
I’m 16, 17 I really honestly don’t remember. I can’t think straight, I just made a post on a different reddit but nobody has replied thus far. I’m in a toxic relationship she takes advantage oh me and just makes my depression worse, yet I find myself having trouble leaving her. My friends are all ads-holes and fake snakes. My parents don’t talk to me anymore even after I talked to them about everything. Who do I have left anymore. I’m so confused with life, nothing is worth looking forward to anymore. I want it to be my time already, blow me up, shoot me, stab me, I don’t care. Just make it fast please. I can’t take anymore pain, I’m just a little kid who wants to be held and loved, something I haven’t felt in years. Life itself is Hell, I don’t want to be here anymore, it’s cold and dark and lonely.


Bf talks about suicide sometimes and I don’t know how to respond!
Usually he talks about it in a future sense but sometimes he will just be in a bad place and say he thought about driving into traffic or jumping in front of a train that day. My usual response is to say I love him and to please not do anything like that. I wish I knew more of what to say I feel like I’m failing him. Today he made a bunch of jokes about not needing a pension and I said maybe he needs to thinking about it because I love him and he says he loves me and I’d like as much time as I can get with him. His response was to say “don’t worry I’ll have pushed you away long before then” I just told him not to count on it because I didn’t plan on going anywhere.
He’s bipolar and I KNOW how hard it is for him day to day dealing with his own chemical imbalances and how they make him feel and react to things. I just want to know how to handle this in a way that is helpful and not forceful or judgemental. I know how hard it gets for him but I also am not on board with him killing himself at all (obviously). Then I get thrown into a bad place because I feel like I’m not doing enough or helping enough. I mean he’s an amazing person he’s always trying to help others he’s even trained with a helpline for suicide watch himself. I don’t have the same training he does and I know he tries to do as much as he can for people because he hates himself so much he feels like he needs to be of use (his words not mine).
I just feel useless any advice on how to handle these things is appreciated.


Please someone just fucking talk to me
I can’t take life any more I just want to fucking end it I want to talk to someone who won’t judge me for my controversial beliefs to vent to Please someone just talk to me


Every fucking day....
Everyday I want to die,like every fucking day,when it's time, I will stab myself or jump off a airplane.....I need to die


I don't wanna live but I don't know what I should do
I'm 17 years old, junior in high school. I don't know but I just wanna end it. I want all this pain to subside and go away.
I feel like my life is going down the drain. I can't pay attention I'm school, I'm just so bad at it. I'm going to court with my ex girlfriend because she tried to murder me. I can't feel emotion like I used to and the only emotion I can feel is emptyness. I don't exactly know what feelings I feel because I forgot the felling of happiness or anything similar to that. My dad cheated on my step mom and that happened in my past with my real mom and I can't get over the fact that my dad has done it again.
I tried venting to my girlfriend but It never works, I can't exactly vent without sounding stupid or her going off topic.
If you made it this far in reading, I need some support or advice. I wanna commit suicide but I need to think about this more
TLDR: I wanna kill myself because my life isn't going the path it should or that I want it to be, need support and advice
Thanks-


I don’t want to continue
I am completely alone as I don’t have anyone to care about or anyone who cares about me. I can’t make friends and I don’t know why cause I try so hard. In school I did all sorts of clubs to try to make new friends but it always ended up that I would be excluded from the “main group” (not sure if there’s a word for what I’m trying to say). The most I ever got was someone talking to me because they needed something from me. I got so desperate I joined a couple of churches but ultimately left cause I just couldn’t relate to any of those people. The one person I did have,who was my only friend in high school, told me he’s too busy to spend any more time with me, so now I don’t even have anyone to confide in.
I also ended up dropping out of school cause my grades were so bad I couldn’t hope to graduate on time and my family can’t afford to pay for more than 4 years and now my parents are disappointed in me for wasting their money. And now I feel like all I am is a problem. I started cutting myself cause it makes me feel a little better when I do and I think I’m about ready to end my life. I was prepared to do it yesterday, wrote a note and everything,  but my dad’s gun wasn’t in it’s normal place and I couldn’t find it. Worse comes to worse I’ll buy my own. I’d prefer a gun cause I just want it to be quick.


On my way to a treatment center.
Currently on the way to a treatment center, I decided not to take my life and give it one more try. I hope it works. If not, well shit, I don’t know lol


I don’t know what to do anymore
Basically my entire life I’ve been worse than everybody around me. Not just sports or school or my friends or anything, it’s literally everything. As a kid I was always worse at sports than my brothers when they were my age. I played soccer but my oldest brother was significantly better and went to national tournaments and shit, my middle brother was better at basketball and football, by a large margin, he’d make A team if barely make B team.
School was no exception, my middle brothers in the same subject as I am but three years older and has made deans list 6/7 semesters and this last semester I got a 1.43 GPA. I’m at one of the best universities in the U.S. for civil engineering, my major, and failed two of my classes first semester while everyone else is steamrolling ahead. My oldest brother went to one of the best business schools in the country and is now making 6 figures.
I have like 2 friends but I’m always having to reach out to them. I’m in a social fraternity at my school and pretty much every person in it dislikes me but I can’t drop it because both my dad and middle brother are in the same fraternity and got me in to it.
I have ADHD which is pretty tough to control but no one understands and can’t ever and so I’m always just thought of as dumb and slow even though I can score high on tests with extra time. My medication causes me to not eat and be depressed and so I’m physically weaker than most.
I met several girls who I liked throughout the year and every single one has rejected me or is dating someone who is way better than I am. Most I didn’t even have to ask, they just told be they weren’t interested in “that type of relationship”.
Literally nothing in my life is going right, I always get my hopes up so high for everything and then I come crashing and burning to the ground which only makes my depression worse.
Yet with all of this, I don’t want to kill myself. I think all the time about killing myself but always subconsciously convince myself not to. I don’t know what to do and I’m just too embarrassed to talk about it because the last person I talked to was my closest friend at the time and they then shared it with everyone when I asked not to. Please help I don’t know what’s happening to me, I’m just living a sad depressed life but don’t have the urge to end it.


Just a different approach to lift some people up (maybe?)
Ok i thought a lot about death and suicide the last 2 months because of a crazy crazy life changing fucked up experience (basically destroyed my health forever) and i come to the conclusion that life is actually fucking awesome , i know i know thats a unusual thing to say in this part of reddit. But people just think about all the fucking awesome stuff we have right now in this age of humankind . And think about what we will probably have in 20 years ! Just try to perceive it from a different view . Since i thought about to kill myself , every time i had the same thought that hold me back . The thought is: this is the only planet ,the only right time in history , the only chance to feel exactly this .
Just think about it there so much cool stuff!
If you kill yourself , you will never see an animal again , look at all the frickin cool animals on this planet . Look at all this beatifull women , think about the 100000 places in the world you never have seen , the different cultures , the 8 billion unique personalities to discover , the 1000 different types of food and dishes you didn’t had . There’s so much waiting for all of you , you have a complete working fully healthy body to take you everywhere you want. If you really want to kill yourself at least treat yourself for a last time , get all your money together ,see as much as you can and then you still can kill yourself. What i basically want to say if you want to commit suicide at least you could do one big splash to leave this world and probably along the way you discover something that will keep you alive . I hope my english is not complete bullshit and that it makes at least sense to a certain degree , probably not lol . Bye


I'm at a stalemate
I'm staring down the 30+ pills I've got crushed in my hands and my phone in the other I've tried calling the crisis hotline but the line was full... I don't want to die but I feel like I don't deserve life and I just need to try to swallow them, though I guess no clue if they'll actually kill me... but I feel like a coward that I can't just end it already but now I'm stuck here, staring everything down. I feel like I'll just chicken out and put everything away like normal but I can't stop staring the pills down and I don't know what to do
Apologies if this does fit more as an immediate crisis, but I really just need to make some message that I feel comfortable putting out somewhere, and this is the only place I can think of


What’s the point?
I feel like after years of trying and hearing people say things will get better it just gets you down more. I’m at the point where I wouldn’t feel guilt for ending my life, just tired of it all. What’s the point of trying when everyday you’re fighting with the thoughts of just ending it? It’s not living. I worry about the future everyday, what I wanna do with my life, how am I gonna get by with bills etc and in a selfish way I feel it’s because I feel forced to endure the shitty pain of living everyday just to keep other people happy.i could end all the worrying by being selfish and doing what I wanna do for once


I just called the suicide prevention hotline
Holy shit, it's so fucking useless, that guy sounded so inexperienced talking to somoene suicidal and it made me really uncomfortable(I also tried to chat with them but that doesn't work on mobile...). It's just so frustrating and made me pretty angry


It’s too much
My failures in general but especially as a mother make me want to die so often. I feel like my mental illness and poor life skills will always make me a bad mother, and it makes me wonder if everyone involved would be better off if I just ended it.


im going to be pissed if this fails
just made a noose and connected it around my dome ceiling light. I'm really hoping it doesn't break cause it'll fall on my head and I'll have a crappy headache and then have to pay for damages.


It's unfair that it's so hard to kill yourself
Every option seems like it will just leave me in a worse state, paralysed or similar. But I know that I'll attempt again at some point, because the thoughts and pain are unbearable. So why not sooner rather than later? I guess I'm too scared, but of what I don't know. Because I'm not sure there's much worse than this


Honestly, would killing myself even be a bad idea?
I make jokes about it a lot but, honestly, if I weren’t here I wouldn’t have to deal with my existence. I wouldn’t have to worry about gpas, romance, careers, my living situation, my parental neglect, and my mental health.
Beginning to think it’s worth it


I want to die, but I want to see my daughter grow up.
I'm 36. I had the most amazing childhood you could imagine. Then I got older. My parents are both gone. My family literally has nothing to do with me. I've called my brothers and texted, anything to try to stay in touch. They dont seem to care. It's literally me and my daughter and shes the best and only thing I have going for me in my life. I wont bore you with the details of my wasteful existence. Understand please, my story is full of sadness. On repeat.
I've been thinking a lot lately. What did I do in my past life that lead me to this life I have now? How awful must I have been to have been dealt this hand. I've decided that I've paid my dues this life, and my next one I will get it right. I'm not going to kill myself, but I am not afraid to die. This chapter needs to end so the next one can begin.
It fills me with joy to think about the next life. But saddens me to think about not getting to see my daughter grow up if it happens soon.
I'm so conflicted. I'm so sad. Not looking for sympathy, but the only person on the entire planet who would miss me, is my daughter. But shes smart and adaptable and would be able to get over my death. She would probably get a better life herself, with a new family who would be able to provide more for her. Give her more toys. Give her better advances in life. I dont have much to offer. I work and work but it's never enough.
All I feel is dark. And I'm so sad. I dont want to see a professional, who's "job" it is to pretend to listen to me.
I've never posted on this site before. I probably wont again. But I'm sad. I dont want to feel like this anymore.


My only motivation is my cat.
If I die, she no longer has someone that understands her personally.  We have unspoken bonds, such as when I cry she will place her paw on my leg for comfort.  If I blow her kisses she lifts her chin up and smooches the air.
I don't want to feel this way anymore.  I'm so stressed that my body physically hurts.  I have so much going on right now and a lot of heartache.  I don't want to carry the burden by myself but I feel so afraid that I have to.  5 year relationship went down the drain and people treat me like shit for having challenges.
I want to fix the hurt I have.  I don't want any of this pain anymore.


I am lost
I am lost. I don't want to live but I am afraid of dying but I WANT TO DIE. And there is no middle ground on this - it's either one or the other.
Having said that, for the last few weeks I've been having 'episodes', for a lack of better term - huge swings of mood where for 4-5 days I feel down and worthless etc, you get it. Then a couple of calm days and the cycle repeats.
I don't know why this is happening. I just know that I literally hate everything I'm doing - my job, my commute, my surroundings - and it seems like everyone who is capable of feeling hates my as well.
That's why I've been thinking of new ways to harm myself. I do cut myself but because of reasons I need new methods. This is not a request, just my thoughts.
But also I am thinking about flirting with suicide. Like taking a handful of pills and taking it from there. That's why tonight I probably will start with some valerian pills - don't know how effective it will be but hey, maybe.
I know some will laugh when stumbling upon this. Whatever, fuck you.
I am posting here because I need to vent - and there's nowhere I can turn to. I can't imagine saying those things loudly. There's no-one who's interested in hearing them anyway.
I don't know anymore. Like I said, I am lost.


im too much of a coward to do it right away i'll just let myself rot like this
one day maybe my heart will give out after messing with it so much and messing up my body once im below 100lbs at 5'10 ill be pretty much dead anyway so whatever


Just finished taking the pills that'll hopefully work
I just took what i had on hand. This wasn't planned, but by god, I hope it succeeds. I've had enough. People know my regular account, so this is a throw away. Hopefully, I won't be here anymore.


I've never felt more worthless and almost did it tonight
I've successfully ruined my entire life singlehandedly and I don't want to live anymore. I've lost ALL of my friends with is no exaggeration... I have absolute no friends. I had an amazing job and was kicking ass in school to advance more, but ended up fucking that up, getting fired and kicked out of school. Meanwhile, I lost custody of my son, I fought so hard for him and I got fucked.. I've seen him once since June and it kills me every single day. I had a relationship but apparently I can't just be completely open and honest and that fell apart, I cheated on him with someone because my living and financial situation wouldn't allow me to just up and leave, the guy I cheated with was amazing, the guy I cheated on finally started caring and my dumbass couldn't make a decision and now I lost them both cause I'm a shitty person. I lost my job last week, which means losing my place by the end of this week. My car it's probably getting repoed any day now. And to to it off I found out I'm pregnant, obviously I am in NO position for that, so needless to say I'm getting all abortion, which I'll inevitably have to deal with all alone. I've hit the rock bottom of rock bottom. My boyfriend, or ex I guess, kindly pointed out a very detailed list of all the ways I'm fucked up, as a mom, as a wife, girlfriend, daughter, friend, my sexuality is apparently very unhealthy and fucked up, pretty much everything he said was kinda true, and converted basically every aspect of my life..
Which had brought me here... Jobless, broke, no friends, no support, no home, no family... And I've clearly done this all to myself.
I don't want to live. I don't see the point.. maybe it's selfish or easier than dealing with my shit, but that's been my MO pretty much forever, selfish and a runner, why stop now. I contribute nothing useful into the world, I hurt literally everyone who comes into my life, I don't even have my son and he's barely 3, so it'll just be a sad story. At least this way I'll just be one mass hurt and then everyone can move on with their lives instead of me hurting everyone over and over.
I would've and should've done it tonight.. but as I was walking out the door my ex stopped me, I ended up telling him what I was feeling and he made me promise to stay through the night.. but he's asleep now and I'm struggling to keep that promise.. what's one more broken promise? At least this way I'll be out of everyone's hair... Maybe there are some (literally my parents and sister) people well would care, but let's be real, when someone dies everyone is sad for a few weeks but then they pick up and move on with their lives, it wouldn't be any different with me. And why go on living if everything I put into the world is full of hurt, or debt or whatever else, if I just disappeared at least I wouldn't be taking up space or oxygen that someone worth anything is more deserving of..
I give up.


I just want to go easily
I've ran out of reasons to live and I just want to go. My lifes not the best but theres worse.  I was abused physical and mentally,neglected, cant find some one to love, I'm on the verge of moving out of my grandparents and no one cares that I want to leave and not in a good way. I struggle with substance problems, my therapists keep quiting on me and no one will try and help. I'm just on my last leg and I want to go I cant keep doing this, I'm too fucking young to feel like this and its fucked up. If any one out there feels the same I'm sorry, i wish i could help but i quite. All I do is help and never get helped I just want one true reason to stay but there are none and I dont know I'm sorry.


Not sure why im posting since i made up my mind but..
I finally decided to end my life the only thing left is to decide how. Ive had depression all my life however the last year or so (especially recent month or two) have just pushed me to my absolute limit and once my life finally started to seem like it was getting back on track slowly but surely I feel it's all for nothing which this fucking corona virus that is getting worse and worse by the day. Im poor/jobless and my family I live with who are much older and susceptible to dying to it if it spreads here (already two confirmed cases) who will never take it seriously though not like it would matter since we're too poor to stock on supplies incase it gets even worse... And thats not counting  everything else that happened last year with my physical health and my struggle that is american healthcare system or my life in general, im so tired, im so done, ive already made one attempt that failed last week, this time I intent to succeed.
edit: My attempt failed, I woke up in a hospital hours later with a broken bone and a large bump on my head.


Something seems wrong 😐
Something seems wrong with my mind and it’s ability to function. It’s as if I have no common sense or foresight and it makes me feel like I could easily be manipulated or unable to read certain red flags or signs.
I started feeling this way when I attempted suicide it was like my mind switched and turned into a dull emotionless numb barbie. I feel partly brain washed. It feels like my mind isn’t mine and I’ve nearly completely changed into something that isn’t me. Idk who I am. I feel like I won’t ever be myself or who I want to be and I am freaking out. I feel like I’m going to attempt suicide again bc I don’t want to live as a persona and not be who I want to be. And ppl don’t understand it’s not a possibility for me to be what I want. I’m not going to explain or answer to you.


Need advice
Is there any other subreddit similar to this one but with less people. There are too many people and my posts get lost (or probably they are unworthy, I don't know), but please if you know of any, let me know :)


The Hole
Are you okay?" -B
"Yeah... I think I am..." -A
"What happened?" -B
"I hit rock bottom... that's what happened..." -A
"How'd you get there?" -B
"I made some mistakes, some really bad choices, not so long ago... Ended up hurting the people I cared about... most of all myself..." -A
"No I meant, how'd you hit rock bottom?" -B
"Oh! I was walking one day, wasnt paying attention, and I slipped and fell down this hole in the ground." -A
"So what happened when you fell?" -B
"Well, when I fell, it hurt like hell... I got up and started screaming for help. I screamed and yelled for a while, but there was nobody there... then at some point, I started clawing at the walls of this hole, trying so very hard to find some way of getting out of it. Ended up scratching and hurting myself even more... I was crying, angry, and scared in my tiny little hole." -A
"How long were you in there?" -B
"Months... I had stopped counting when I had realized there was no point. When I had given up to the idea that I was never gonna get out of that hole." -A
"Fuck... But you did... You're here right now!" -B
"Yeah, I'm here now..." -A
"Well how'd you do it?" -B
"Well... after I had given up, instead of trying to claw my way back up again, I sat in that hole for a bit... I watched as the sun and moon pass above me... Everyday was just another day in that hole." -A
"But while I was sitting there... I had a lot of time to think... about everything. I thought about the things I did, the people I hurt... and I thought about myself for once... It was hell, thinking about all of it... and I did for what seemed like a long time... and then, over time, it didnt hurt anymore..." -A
"My mind wasnt in chaos and things were starting to make sense for me to actually begin of thinking if ways to get out of that damn hole. I looked at the walls and noticed there were indents going upward. I never noticed these before, you really had to look closely to find them. And so, when I did, I started to climb..." -A
"Now, I've never climbed a wall before, and so, I fell multiple times... and each time I fell, it hurt just like the first time. The first couple attempts of climbing that wall, I was rushing it and slipped. And I would be angry and scared and sad all over again... just like the first time..." -A
"Then there were times when I climbed up, didnt know where the next step was, and climbed back down..." -A
"Why'd you climb back down?" -B
"Well for starters, I'm weak as fuck, and I told you, I've never done any rock climbing. So me holding on to a crack was kinda tiring, and me going down let me catch my breath. Also I figured, well I got time, it's not like those cracks are going anywhere." -A
"So then, one day, while on the ground and thinking about all the cracks I knew about, and after doing all that practicing, I climbed one last time. I didnt know it was gonna be the last, but I climbed, and climbed... didn't know where I was going at one point, but was able to hold on in time to find the next crack. And I took my time doing it. Eventually making it to the top..." -A
"But when I got to the edge of that hole, I could feel the sun's warmth. It had been a while since I felt that warm feeling. I was getting used to the cold dark." -A
"So you made it..." -B
"Well, yeah, I had made it to the top, and then I slipped... but when I slipped, a hand reached out to catch me and helped me over the edge." -A
"Who saved you?" -B
"Batman! _^ " -A
" -_- " -B
"No seriously, who saved you..." -B
"Well, I couldn't see who it was clearly. The brightness of the sun hit me so hard that I needed time to adjust my eyes. I was looking down most of the time just quickly saying thank you while rubbing my eyes." -A
"I heard nothing but silence in return, and when I quickly looked up, it was a person turning his back to me, as that person was walking away..." -A
"But I did catch a glimpse of their face! At least I think I did." -A
"So, who was it?" -B
"Well, I dont know for sure. I was tired, relieved, and grateful for being out of that miserable hole... as I also had let some tears drop out of pure happiness, so forgive me if I dont know exactly who saved me, but I could've sworn, for a moment, I thought I saw myself..." -A
"Yeah, that sounds crazy. It was probably a family member or some concerned citizen. Pftt... what'd you do next?" -B
"Well, after letting it all out one last time, I wiped my tears, got up, dusted myself off, and started walking in the same direction they did..." -A
"I looked back at that hole... one last time, remembering all that shit I had to go through while in it, and knew that some part of me will always be in that fucking hole... but I also knew that while I never want to experience that hell ever again, if I ever do, I know now what to do to get out of it." -A
"They say everyone has their own little hole that they fall into sometimes... I think it's that which makes people change... our own version of hell that only we can get through..." -A
"Is it worth it? The change?" -B
"That's the thing... while no one should ever have to go through something like that... at the same time, it's something we have to go through, to know what we're made of..." -A
-The Writer with Writer's Block



Half life is the only reason I'm still alive
Is half life 2 worth it or nah


Can I overdose to any kind of medicine?
I told my dad that I cant pass this semester. He said killing myself is better than taking a break. I don't want to be here anymore.


My ex keeps trying to kill herself
I go to school with a friend who I dated a for a couple weeks but we broke up a couple weeks ago with her saying that she just wants to be friends. It hurt like hell but I accepted it and stayed close to her but a week ago she cut her wrists open in a bathroom trying to bleed out. Luckily someone found her and got an ambulance. I've always known she's had a cutting problem but I've never known how to address it with her because I was afraid of what she would say. She's also done lots of alcohol and drugs that my dumb fck self is just now realizing is an addiction problem. I then met up her to find out why she wants to kill herself but all she did was make jokes about doing it again and finishing the job. I tried to talk her down but she wouldn't listen to me. Now a couple days ago she took a sht ton of painkillers trying to od but thankfully she lived I have no idea what to do and I feel entirely responsible for not addressing the cutting, drinking and drugs earlier. Im doing everything I can to talk to her but not the hospital is keeping her in a psych ward which they should've done earlier and now I can't reach her. I feel like if she dies it will be my fault for being a btch and being to scared to address it earlier. And to make it all worse word about her cutting herself in the bathroom got around while she was gone for od'ing and once she comes back every prck is going to bring it with with her. I want to help but I've screwed up so bad I don't know how to help anymore. Does anyone got any advice on how to proceed?


Someone to talk too
Hello, so I have been pondering with the idea for the past few weeks, and today I was supposed to see my Gp, I was awake and ready to leave and just ended up sitting on my bed and did not attend it. So tonight I have been preparing to kill myself. And have been on some sort of buzz of it, like hyper excited/happy about it, I'm aware I'm being somewhat odd with how I am acting, but feel quite careless and feel like I would do so. Only thing stopping me doing so at the moment is listening to music and vibing
I do not like speaking over the phone, especially to some random person about my internal trials and tribulations i would not discuss with my close friends and family so talking to these hotlines is a big nono, I live alone and it is currently 03:05 for me so not really ideal to send a message to a friend thank you


Having a hard time finding reasons not to kill myself
I am a 19 year old female and recently I am having really strong thoughts of suicide. I have been though something like this in the past (probably like 2-3 years ago). I am honestly not willing to go though it again. Those where some of the worst times and I don’t feel like I have the mental capacity go through it again.


i give up
I dont wanna wake up in mornings when i have to feels like imposible,yesterday was my birthday and didnt feel shit,i suck as a human and no one understants me because they didnt do all i have done,they think they know how is being in love is like because i am young and think that all young people feel the same,i will kill myself this year by jumping a 4 floor building,i am 16 M i dont wanna be alive i pushed away all i ever loved and i am toxic,manipulative and liar,pls dont say keep up or the bullshit of that if i was toxic i wouldnt say it,if i didnt recognise it i would be a psychopath,i am not worth i am only sorry for my mum and brother


School Makes Me Want to End My Life
Hi there.
I am 16 years old and have been struggling with depression for many years. Recently I have begun to get suicidal thoughts due to school. I feel like the whole world hates me, my teachers, my family, and my ''friends''. I really want to drop out and follow my true dreams, but I'm scared at what my parents and will say to me. I'm also too scared to let anyone know about my suicidal thoughts because I find it extremely embarrassing. Any ideas?


My best friend took her own life
Last December my best friend took her own life and that has impacted my life greatly and opened my eyes a bit. My suicidal thoughts haven’t gotten any better and I’m thinking about it almost all the time. I just wanna end it but I don’t want to impact anyone the way her death effected everyone. I have been so sad. My life is now a train wreck. Grief isn’t helping. I have so many problems I don’t know how to fix and I don’t know if anyone can help me. I feel so numb all the time. I don’t know how to get help without people thinking I’m dangerous or faking it. I don’t want anyone in my life to know I’m seeking help. I don’t want it to be open that I’m getting help. I want to be the only one to know. Can anyone please help me?


I’m okay with dying right now but I have no plans of commuting suicide
I don’t want to kill myself, I don’t check all the boxes for warning signs of suicide, I have a life I enjoy and I’m genuinely curious about the future. But at the end of the day I’m not attracted to being alive and I’m perfectly ok with dying right now. It’s a weird feeling to not want to end my life but being ok with dying right now. Does anyone feel the same way? Are there ways of coping ?


Therapy/medication don't help when you don't want to get better, and you just want to die
I've been going through intense therapy and using different antidepressants that are prescribed to me for 12 years now, but it's so true, that nobody can help you unless you want to get better, and I really just don't want to get better. I want this all to be over, I don't want to be happy and be on this earth. I mean, I've heard of people who spend their whole lives depressed and miserable. Did it ever really "get better" for them? Was them not killing themselves because suicide is a "permanent solution to a temporary problem" really worth it? Was there problem at all temporary? I think not, so while suicide might be that for some people, for a lot of people it's not a "temporary" problem, it's a lifelong problem that will not go away.


Mommy, I kept my promise for 15 years, I'm sorry.
I told you I would tell you when it got bad again, I'm sorry I didn't this time. I'm sorry I can't get it straight. I live with shame everyday that I still can't face life. I made my own problems, I never figured out how to step up and be responsible. It scares me. Death scares me less.
Dying doesn't bother me, the thought calms me, it's  the messes I am leaving behind that holds me back. The hurt I'm going to cause you and daddy, the judgments, the fake people coming around saying they cared for me wishing they knew and would have helped.
I have asked for help, other than walking into a hospital and committing myself, there is no help for me now.
I can't face my mistakes and consequences, I'm stuck and my fears have taken over. They may seem small and trivial to everyone but to me they consume my thoughts, my breathing, my body.
Today I have no control, I sit at work and cry non stop. I can't live day to day anymore.


Ten days in to starving myself to death - how much longer do you think?
I’ve been ill with ME/CFS for 10 long years now, and the last 2 years have seen me get worse and worse.  During a ‘good’ phase, I am ‘only’ bed bound for 6 out of 7 days!  Although this frequently increases to more than 2 weeks at a time.  Every week seems to bring with it new horrors, from another virus or bug, to the chronic diarrhoea which has now plagued me for the last 18 months!!  I have become intolerant to more and more food groups, it genuinely feels as though my body is rejecting me more and more.  If this was a terminal illness I would be prepared to struggle on - more for the sake of my family than anything else.  However, the reality is that my body could keep me alive for decades in this miserable state with literally NO quality of life at all.
For the last 6-8 months I’ve thought of nothing but wanting to set myself free of this torture - back in October I even set myself an end date.  The very last thing I want to do though is to kill myself suddenly for the sake of my family.  Although most of them are brilliant and supportive, none of them can ever truly understand just how much I dread waking up every day, and how very real my need of a guaranteed exit from living is.
I stopped eating on Sunday 19th January.  Initially, I also stopped drinking - but it is agonising!!  My mother called the doctor, and both have been trying to persuade me to eat, but I am absolutely determined that I will see this out to the bitter end.  I know it’s not going to be an easy road for me, but I think this will be easier for my family to accept - more akin to if I was actually dying of a terminal illness - as they will have some preparation and time to adjust.  Ironically, I do have access to enough morphine to kill myself quickly, but will only do this as a last resort.
I am only drinking water, so am making sure I don’t get any nutrition from fluids.  I’m a 5’1”, 45 year old female and weigh roughly 66kg.  How long should the process take to kill me?


I know that I CAN get through this, but the problem is WANTING to.
I'm just seeing my life get worse and worse.  I know I'm strong and that I can keep going.  But what do I get out of that?  More suffering and misery?  I guess there's always a chance that things will miraculously turn around, but thinking they will just because it's been shitty up until now is simply the gambler's fallacy.  The fact I've been through a lot makes it no more likely that the future will be good.
I just feel like I'm torturing myself when I have a way out.  The big issue for me is figuring out a good method.  One that won't just land me back in the hospital where they act like I'm crazy....


I cant stop thinking about dying
It's been a hard couple of weeks. Before this last couple of weeks I would think about killing myself every once and a while but now IT'S ALL I think about. It consumes me everyday. I just dont know what to do anymore I'm thinking about committing myself but I dont want to lose my freedom.


All set.
I'm all ready. I've got everything I need. I'm tired. I'm sick and tired of it all. There doesn't seem to be any argument to convince me otherwise. Life has kept shoving me in this direction. Where I want it all to end. Here it is. One chance for the universe to push me back. One shot for the world to hold on to me before I go. Before its too late and I can no longer go back.


I’d like to know that at least someone loves me for who I am
During these days of waiting before killing myself a thought is recurring in my head. There is one event that may make me reconsider, and that is finding someone who showed to love me for who I am, without the conditioning of emotional dependence (my mom, my wife, my best friend who is more suicidal than me), financial (my wife), career (my team). It feels like the only people who care for me want something from me. I’d like to meet someone who just likes hanging out with me. It’s a lot to ask huh?
And then, if I find her / him, she’ll become emotionally dependent on me and I on her, and we’re back at square one, ahah.


Begging for advice.
Hello beautiful people. My name is Sam and I am a female from the US. I’m 20 years old and over the past few years I’ve completely destroyed my own life. Ruined all of my friendships, lost my job, and lost the trust and respect of my family. I’m seeing a doctor and trying different medications because I got diagnosed with BPD in conjunction with Bipolar disorder and I’ve struggled with anxiety since I was very young. The past few months especially have been rough. I’ve been doing so much thinking about my past that it absolutely hurts me to think about it. I honestly feel sorry for my parents. They have to deal with all of my episodes of anger and depression and it’s not even their fault. I just don’t know what to do to change my ways. I really am trying but I can’t seem to figure out why I’m acting this way. I’ve been to the behavioral health hospital close to home and they were unhelpful. I never met with a counselor once and it was impossible to get in to see the psychiatrist. So I really don’t want to use that as an option. I really would like to end my life peacefully so I can stop being a problem for people who have tried nothing but to help me. Thanks for listening and I hope someone can give me some words of encouragement or some helpful advice. Thank you. Also I’m sorry if I did this wrong I’ve never been on here before.


I dont want to die, but my life keeps getting worse so I dont want to live. Suicide is looking better every day.
So you know how you're supposed to avoid your triggers? What about if you literally cannot?
My only trigger is school. Anything school related makes me absolutely panic. And I don't even know why or what it is. I don't know why I hate school, I just do. I don't know why I want to kill myself or have panic attacks whenever I think of school, I just do. I'm not bullied, I've never had a traumatic experience there, I have people to talk to... But something still triggers me.
We didnt have school today, and the entire day I was happy and didn't have any suicidal thoughts or any anxieties. But as soon as I lay down to go to bed and realise I have to go to school tomorrow I started panicking and crying. Something inside of me doesn't feel right but I don't know why.
Usually whenever I realise I have school the next day, I think about shooting myself in the head to avoid. Not intentionally, it just pops up as a knee jerk response. Even when I don't want/try not to think about it it comes.
But this time I pictured myself taking a ton of pills, which honestly scared the shit out of me. It was really vivid, and unlike a gun I've got access to a ton of pills in the house. And it felt so... Real. Like it could actually happen. Like I have such a bad day that I suddenly end it all out of nowhere. Usually I make a date in advance if I ever even threaten suicide.
My parents know about how much I hate school, and how much anxiety it gives me, but to them grades are more important and force me to go.
If I have a day that's that triggering I'm literally fucked. It's not like it's one of those things I can just walk away from and take a breather for a minute.


It took me long enough to accept the imminent, Now the time is finally approaching
What is there to do when you have spent your life fighting against the current
I have been beat down and cornered time and time again
By family
Friends
Lovers
Work
Life
Everything
I lost my will and purpose a long time ago
I have subjected others to my cancerous misery while I was oblivious to what was in front of me all along
I was the common denominator
It was me
It was Always me
And now it's too far gone to ever take it back
And even if I could I dont want to
To many factors
To many variables
I just dont even want to try
The world used to make me ask myself
Why ?
If everything happens for a reason
What is it
Over time you gain the insight to see that the reason is nothing
There is not ryhme or reason
This whole system is broke
I'm afraid this is farewell
I promise no one will find me
I'll just disappear like the rest of everything
Forgotten over time
And lost in the motions of society's madness
I fear for the future
Too everyone reading this
Good luck and I hope you can make sense of a world that ruined me through and through


I Wish I Weren't Like This
I'm torn up inside and out. My face is unshaved and my hair is a mess. I'm wearing that ugly yellow beanie and I look a mess.
I asked if I could be your housemate. I need some way to stay in school. You said no so quickly. Don't you remember how I raised you for years when mom wouldn't? I mean so little to you.
You tell me not to think about you. You were the love of my life and my best friend. I'm going through it the worst and I think I have no one. My friend or my lover.
My brother, you aren't who you were supposed to be. Your going away. Part of me thinks you may have had it coming. It could have been so different. In sorry he hurt you too.
My mom. You let him rape me. You didn't mean for it to happen but he is your brother. You were supposed to look after me.
My God. Why do you tell me to stay and be strong. Can I just lay down now? I'm so tired.


I wish my attempt would've worked. If I were dead or never born, it would so much better for everyone. Fuck, I hate myself.
I tried to kill myself not to long ago by overdosing but I don't think I took enough because it didn't do shit. Just made my stomach hurt and feel like I needed to throw up and shit like that. But I wanted it to kill me. I was planning to kill myself on that day for like a year. I had everything planned out. It was perfect timing. It would've been the perfect suicide but It didn't work. I feel fucking selfish for being alive. I shouldn't be. I should be dead, I deserve it.
Also I've decided to stop eating. See it's weird because, I'll look at my body and I'm not too upset about it but then I weigh myself and no matter how low the numbers are, it's always too much. I fucking hate myself. I can't do anything right. I can't even manage to stop eating completely. I really do try but I'm too much of a pussy to do anything.
I tried to kill myself in 5th grade, it that would've worked, everything would've been so much better. My friends would've been to young to remember me and my family would be over me by now. I regret not being able to kill myself every fucking day. I hate it so much. I hate me so much.
I'm sorry to write so much, I really didn't mean to. And I don't even know why I'm writing this, it's stupid.


This will be ignored like most and that's okay.
I've posted here on different accounts before, I've posted everywhere honestly under multiple aliases, talking about how I'm ready and have been ready to let go. Maybe the issue is how disconnected these conversations are with strangers through pixels on a screen rather than something in person with someone you actually know and have memories with. I never had the worst upbringing, of course the perception I had on it was something different but over-exaggerating my experience hasn't gotten me anything. Emotional abuse is essentially the extent of my struggle as far as an early story goes. Regardless of whatever reasoning or backstory I have what makes me so ready to let go is the current, what I live every day. I turn 20 March 30th, But I'm hoping that like I said when I was 11, I won't ever have to see that day. I had every chance to make the most of a life, but the older and more cynical I grow I start to realize how pointless staying here in the first place is. If life is precious, if life is such a blessing, then I am no where near living. If that's the case I'm not sure the last time I could even say I DID live. Living with the disorders I do and trying to find a place in a real world, my attention can't stray from the truth of me not being worth the effort. I self medicate to try and escape but nothing is permanent and I wake up in the exact same situation driving me to the decisions I have settled on. March 1st, 2020. I wrote it in every notebook, I've carved it into trees and houses, and now its coming. I have 31 days to prepare myself, take care of anything I feel I need to, etc. Of course having a date and plan probably doesn't validate anything, if life was that hard or so difficult or if I was actually ready I would have done it by now, trust me I've heard it from everyone countless times. There's not even any significance or meaning behind the day, I just want to go in the same month I entered, it eases my mental on the situation, can't really explain it. At this point I'm rambling because I can't sort my thoughts or even the purpose of this post. I hope anyone out there that may read this and feels similar can find hope or love in anything to hold onto, and regardless if not, know I love you. You all deserve better than you have gotten.
Goodbye.


Today is the day
Everything is planned and I have organised everything I need to make sure this will be a success. I thought I’d leave something behind before I went though, to show that I existed somewhere. This is that thing, my last words if you like. I don’t want this to be a negative post so I’ll share my advice that I’ve learned to you: find one thing that makes you happy and hold on to it and never let go. Survive everyday for that one thing and look for it everyday. Do whatever it takes to get it. Live for something else other than yourself.
Live a good life, okay?


every year gets worse and i don’t know how to stop it
my mom came into my room and called me selfish and gas lighted me about a bunch of stuff. she said she was going to stop supporting me going to college so now i have no money to pay and no idea how to take out loans. she said i was ruining her chances for getting into heaven with all my heretic talk and i’m so scared and tired idk what to do i don’t have the money to move out and i’m about to lose my job and i don’t have a car and i just really don’t want to be alive anymore. i wish i was never born. i bet my mom wishes that too.


I want to kill myself again.
I'm so tired of worrying about money. I don't have a car, nor anyone to crash with in case of an emergency. I want to buy a car, but can't afford one. I have considered prostitution, but people would find out, and it would limit my job opportunities. I want to go to school, but I don't have the time, nor do I think I'll get a grant. Also, I have thousands in medical debt.


Never have i ever felt so worthless...
I’m reconsidering my worth and value... I always thought I’m somewhat good enough that i’m worthwhile or shit like that even though people around me never prioritized me EVER. I never came first. I felt unwanted and neglected.... now i feel completely worthless and like a piece of shit... the more I grow up and mature I realize how stupid i am to think i stand a chance against anyone.. in a friendship or whatever... no one wants me, not even my own family... it’s only a matter of time before they disown me for who i am... I shouldn’t let others defire my worth but I can’t help but question how damaged and broken i must be because no one wants me ever. No one wants to be serious. I’m just there to fill ppl’s cups.. sex or advice or comfort. No one is there. I either provide or no one is here. I never feel good enough either way....
Long story short I’m better off dead... why am i too lazy and too weak and too stupid to even do it?? Why!??? I wanna do it now but if only i had a gun i swear I wouldn’t be here a second longer


I'm scared to think I've made up my mind on suicide
I don't know if I can come out of this thinking.
Ive been through hell and back in my life. 2019 was(or so I thought) the start of a new and happy life for me. Only to have everything fall apart this month. It's been a year and those feelings of hopelessness, hatred and fear have come back again with only a few days until my birthday.
That's the day set in my head that I want to just end it.
I don't want to hurt my family but I don't want to hurt anymore and I hate that I am nothing but a burden. I've been so down and days o don't even leave my bed. Even if I do happen to build the motivation to get up shower eat and get dressed I'll end up feeling like 'idk why I bother anymore' and I get back in bed. I haven't had much of an appetite and can only recall about 4 real meals I've had in the past 2 weeks.
I don't want to die but I don't know if I have anymore hope left anymore.
I'm gonna be 27 and have no one who cares or understands.
What scares me the most is I no longer cry when my thoughts of suicide are in my mind which makes me believe I've made up my mind and don't know if I can't stop myself of I try.
I've held on the long only because I don't want to hurt my family, my grandpa, my younger brothers and sisters, my dad. I don't want them to be sad but they shouldn't have to support me because I can't get my own shit together. It's not fair to them..
I have no friends, and when I needed someone the most everyone seemed to stop talking to me.
All I wanted was someone to talk to, someone to tell me they cared and mean it. Someone to just reply or answer my call so I didn't feel as alone as I truly feel right now.
I'm done living a life where people pretend to love or lie about what they really feel inside. I'm tired of looking for love only to find I'm not worth someone's love so why should I even try.
😔
My 'cries for help' were ignored and that was the last of my hope for living anymore
-A


I just need a gun and one single bullet
Yeah
First game of my junior season this Saturday. (College baseball) we are traveling to Florida and I figured I would enjoy this road trip with my teammates. But when we get back to campus I’m going to kill myself. I’m struggling in school, my parents don’t enjoy my presence, and my girlfriend of 3 years broke up with me last week and is already messing around with other guys. I figured it would be nice to enjoy one more trip. I’m sorry guys. I appreciate those who have helped me.


Why not?
I'm a fuck up and deserve to die. I keep on making mistakes. I keep being noisy so he cant sleep. I kept making a fuss and smoking around in the house. I should just kill myself. He's never happy around me and I just care to live. Two birds one stone.


Impossible to study for college when suicidal
I'm trying not to be hopeless and help myelf by studying but I'm inept. Literally too depressed to form a thought. My brain is clay. There's no hope for my future


Life is wearing me down and im on my last straw
Ive been falling apart for awhile now, but just when things started to look up, everything i worked for was torn away from me. I had a duplex, car, stable and enjoyable job, pets, and decent relationships with everyone.
Now ive lost all my friends, my home, car, my pets, and any relationship with my family.
I made the mistake of trusting my family and they stabbed me in the back, leaving me stranded and stuck. My fiances mom saved me for now, but now ive lost motivation to do anything and i dont feel anything emotionally anymore. I want this to end but i dont want to leave my fiance alone. He is literally the only reason i havent killed myself yet.
Im stuck at a job i hate with people i dislike, and cut off from my family.
I feel i was dealt a bad hand in early life and since then everything has just been a wild rollercoaster of disappointment and regret. I just dont know what to do anymore, and i feel like ending it is the best option.


Suicide on my mind
TRIGGER WARNING?
Every second of the day I cant get it out of my mind. Everything, good or bad, makes me think about it. I’m too scared to tell anyone, whether its a fear they’ll think I’m saying it for attention or won’t care at all, I dont know. I used to think I could never do it but now Im not sure thats true anymore.


Why does every inconvenience trigger suicidal thoughts?
Yesterday, it was a bad Surf session triggered by comparing my performance with others. Today, it was because the waves were too big for me to ride. I told myself I was lucky to even have the time and opportunity to surf. It eventually gets better with conscious effort to change my perspective, but then some other small inconvenience comes up and restarts the cycle. I want a technique to make it not start in the first place. I don't want to die right now, but I can't stop thinking how comfortable it would be to give up. I hate myself when I feel sorry for myself, which results in this crazy internal struggle, which overwhelms me and makes me want to give up. Any help will be appreciated. Thanks!


My friend may have killed herself and I’m scared
My friend from school has been visibly depressed and she said goodbye to all of us and apologized for being annoying (which she was never) please help I’m desperate and scared


Planned or spontaneous?
I have this very thought-out plan of how I'm going to kill myself, perfected over years of wanting to die (And after failing a suicide attempt because I hadn't planned it properly). Like, I've decided more or less who I'm going to tell before I kill myself, who gets a letter, what's gonna happen to my things, etc etc.
But sometimes, like now, I feel like I just want to say "fuck the plans" and just die. Without telling anyone and without doing all the stuff I've planned. I only really have two people in my life that really cares about me and loves me though, my mom and one friend, and I'm obviously gonna write letters to the two of them no matter what. But ex gfs, former friends, people I've met online, it just seems like a chore. I'm all alone and worthless. Nobody would really care if I died (other than my mom, of course), so if I don't tell anyone, they won't know and I'll just slowly fade away from their memory, and they'll forget me. I think that's less traumatic than hearing that I'm killing myself. To them, I will just have disappeared. Maybe that's the best solution. Idk. Fuck it.


Killing myself if I can't achieve happiness in 3 months
Please dear god help me.. I'm going to try my absolute hardest for the next 3 months to achieve happiness but if I can't I'm finally going to be selfish and kill myself.
The only thing thats kept me alive is knowing if I kill myself ill be pushing all the pain I feel onto my family.
Ive been depressed for as long as I can remember- before I even knew what the word depressed meant. As a kid just seeing a room full of happy people would cause me to cry knowing I didn't feel the same way they do. When they asked whats wrong it made me feel even worse knowing nothing was actually wrong and that I should be happy in that moment.
My Sophomore year of high school I fell into the deepest depression I've ever experienced- defiantly catalyzed by a vyvanse prescription. That same year a classmate killed himself and I felt jealous. During my junior year one of my close friends fell into a coma and died. I was 5 minuets away from the hospital when they pulled his plug- I never got to say goodbye. I decided then that I was going to kill myself. I was decided to give all my stuff away to my friends before I did it. I had about $3000 and being unable to decide which friend to give it to I decided i'd spend it before I killed myself. I ended up spending every penny on drugs mainly pot, dabs, lsd, shrooms, and Xanax. The plan was to just enjoy myself until I graduated high school and then kill myself early that summer so my parents wouldn't waste their money paying for my college. By the time my senior year was ending I had had so much fun on my drug binge that I didn't want to kill myself anymore. Unfortunalty, I had spent all my money and dug myself into a very deep hole by not giving a fuck about anything for the past 2 years because I lived life with intention of killing myself.
Now I'm in my junior year of college and I want to kill myself again. I feel as if history is repeating itself but this time with a different outcome. I know its not sustainable to live the rest of my life by getting super fucked up and high. If I spiral into another binder like I did in high school the hole that I will be digging for myself will be to deep to get out of and suicide will be my only option upon graduation. Not only that but I don't have as many good friends at college as I did in high school and getting fucked up by myself just doesn't numb the pain like it did back in high school with my friends.
Im going to give myself 3 months of my absolute hardest effort to achieve happiness if I don't succeed I'm going to kill myself. Ive been getting high multiple times a day, basically every waking moment, since junior year of high school. During these three months I'm giving up all drugs, the only thing thats ever made me feel happy. If I can't find happiness without getting fucked up every moment of every day then I'm just going to spend the rest of my money on weed then kill myself when its gone.
My family is absolutely amazing an does not deserve to deal with the pain of my death. Please help me find a way to find happiness for their sake. The fucked up part, Ive always been told 'it'll get better' but I don't see how it could possibly get any better on paper. I have an amazing foreign convertible bmw sports car, a beautiful home in the nicest neighborhood of my town, relatively good looks, better parents than anyone I know, and phenomenal friends and I still want to kill myself more than ever. How could things possibly get any better than this? I can only imagine its all downhill from here and would honestly like to end it before it gets worse.


How/where would you want to die ?
Not the method but like, what would you want to be the last thing you see ?
I'm thinking maybe a forest for me, peaceful with the trees ect


HELP
I have girl that lives far away from me, we met online and she is depressed and talks about suicide and self harm. I can’t tell anyone because my mom would kill me for talking to strangers online and she lives to far to call the police and I don’t know where she lives anyway, other than the state she’s in. WHAT DO I DO!!!


It was over before it begun
I'm 19 year old boy, and I am going to kill myself.
I have been depressed and suicidal since I was 15, I was never abused and I have a loving family, it always just came from me. I've been in an existential crisis for as long as I can remember. I am lonely, secluded, and have completely lost touch with reality. I was one of those "gifted" kids, everybody thought I was some genius and had a wonderful successful life ahead of me, but it's all a sham. Being good at school doesn't change the fact I am actually a fucking idiot and hate every day of my life and have 0 aspirations do anything.
I always dreaded school and hated every subject, I only ever studied to make my parents happy and try to convince them I was working towards my future. Despite having "friends" at school, I still always felt lonely, and would find whatever I excuse I could any time to try to miss having to go. From the moment I walked into the campus, literally all I could think about was going home, but I still coped. Then last year, I moved to a new country, new city and new school for 12th grade after having been going to school with the same people my entire life. Being in a completely new school and knowing absolutely nobody, I was more isolated than I had ever been and it was to the point where I would essentially sleep through all my classes with my eyes open. I took my old friends for granted, I thought I felt lonely and isolated back then, but no, this is what true loneliness and isolation feels like. During the second semester it got so bad I would literally fake going to school, and I failed all my classes. I would leave in the morning and then just walk 3 miles to the river and sit there and cry and listen to music until the end of the day and then go back home as if I was at school the whole day. I didn't really think it through because it didn't take more than 2 months for my mom to catch on and start forcing me to see a psychologist.
It didn't help, she was nice and well-meaning, but talking about how I feel doesn't actually change how I feel. I always lied to everybody about whether I had suicidal thoughts, the last thing I wanted was for them to get even more worried than they already were, and I could also end up in a psych hospital or something.
​
And then to top it all off, I got into a high speed highway rollover crash this summer, I was in the back seat and the car hit a concrete barrier and then rolled twice while going 120kmh before crashing into a grass ditch. Everybody survived. Including me, sadly. I was the only one that got injured, I was left with a permanent scar on my face, which doesn't help my already below average looks. To be honest, I don't know why I'm writing this, I could never have the balls to tell any of this to my family. Now I'm a 19 year old sitting at home that hasn't even finished high school, doing nothing with his life and likely won't ever be.
I can't put into words how much I hate my life, I have it so much better than a lot of people, than kids starving in Africa, homeless people, or kids getting their houses bombed in the middle east. I know all of them would do everything to swap places with me and have my privilege, and yet it still doesn't change how shit I feel one bit. I feel worthless, useless and a burden to everybody around me. I can't even pinpoint what has made me feel so shit all the time, is it my existential angst? The fact that I am awkward as hell around anybody I don't know? The fact I have no aspirations for life and 0 will to live? The fact I'm unattractive? The fact I'm never going to experience a relationship? The fact I am lonely, despite being surrounded by people? The fact that everyday I am alive is just a burden on my family that has to deal with my uselessness?
My family doesn't say it, but I know they all think I'm a failure and they just pity me. I wish I could just disappear and completely erase myself from the timeline. I want to kill myself so badly and have been for the past 2 years, but the thought of my mom finding my body and my family hearing the news makes me tear up and change my mind every time I am about to do it. I'm thinking of buying a small gas stove and propane tank and locking myself in a shed, making it airtight, and then turning it on and letting the carbon monoxide fill the room and make me go to sleep.
​
There is still a tiny part of me that still wants to live, that still has hope that I could just finish my last 4 courses and get my diploma and then get a jr job or internship as a software developer, but that sliver of hope is overwhelmed by how badly I want to die and just exit life.
This post is a mess, I'm just pouring out whatever comes to mind, and I'll be surprised if anybody even reads it through. One thing is certain, I want to kill myself, it's just a question of when and how. Part of me is waiting for my mom to live out her life and die of old age so I could kill myself without worrying about making her sad. If nothing magically changes, I wouldn't be surprised if in a couple of months I say fuck it and just kill myself anyways. Maybe I'll work a job to raise money and leave it for her to pay for my funeral when it comes to it.
If you read this, thanks, hope you have a great life


Everything feels like a joke, a really really evil joke
I don't know how am I suppose to live like this, it seems like every time something good is about to happen, that there might be a small light at the end, that things might work out or that there is a future where I see myself happy  ITS JUST GONE, BANG, just like that, only a matter of days, hours and I am back to the beginning, miserable, in pain and lonely.
I can't take it, i just can't, I'm tired, so tired I can't do this dance again. Its a roller-coaster of emotions, I feel like I've pissed of God or that I'm the Sims of a psychopath who gets a rush from seeing me cry.
My stomach can't take it, it can feel it right now in a constant drop, I feel awful.
I can hear my roommate, my best friend, typing on the keyboard doing his work, humming sometimes what song he is hearing, he seems OK, happy, I just want that, I envy him a lot and I will miss him.
It has been years, years of this mess that is my life, I just want it to end, I gave up on putting a happy face and I pretty sure I am about to give up on everything.
10% of 2020 that is it, I think it is the most I can make it through.
Bye


Death sounds so beautiful
Between all the BS articles that tell you all about why you shouldn't kill yourself or ones where they try and scare you from that ledge with the idea of failure and self mutilation I find a near overwhelming allure
People describing what death feels like. It's always mentioned about how euphoric it is on the otherside- like laying on a cloud in a valley where it's always time for a beautiful sunset
When I'm suffering I just think about that- the release of the wonderful euphoric nothing after our lives and I smile at the fact I'll be there very soon
I've decided I don't want to wait to kill myself anymore. I'm just gonna find a method that'll be good enough and try and try until I'm dead
I would've liked to make it to 18 so I could atleast say I was a legal adult n such but when I think about how this is actually just the prolouge of my life and there are still many many many years to go all I can say is HELL NO
Don't really have a plan for when and how but just in case its before I get an opportunity to comeback I just wanted to say- bye r/suicidewatch c:


I can't keep going in a world like this one.
I'm starting to create an actual suicide plan. I have a lot of strong sedative/heartrate medicines and I'm just going to end it someday soon. There really is no reason to keep going when nobody will help you or listen to your problems. When the systems in place to try to keep people healthy are turning them down. I'm going to take all of the medicine I can tonight and go to sleep forever.


I’m not sure if I’m sad that I woke up in the same mood or if I actually woke up at all.
I’ve been severely depressed this past week and a half and it’s really getting to me. I don’t know if I can keep living like this.
College is being a pain in my ass and all I feel these days is sorrow. I don’t have much drive to be here anymore and I feel like I need to leave college at least for a little bit. But I don’t know what I will do with my life.
I just want to feel warm and connected, instead I feel cold and detached.


First visit to a therapist
Tomorrow I am going to a therapist for the first time. It’s a place meant for under 25 year olds which I guess is cool in theory but they’re pretty cheap (reason for choosing them). I went to a counselor when I was like 12 for something but only a few times. Tried the drs on demand app a few times too and got an immediate prescription for both risperdal and abilify within a 45 minute conversation. No good experience talking to anyone in depth about my trauma but I think I need to. I don’t really think any of it will help, I still want to die, but I figure I should try. Here goes literally nothing because there’s absolutely nothing left to be robbed of but time. And who cares about that?


My gf is suicidal
She wants to kill herself. but she’s waiting 25 hours. I don’t know what to do. She ignores me. I want her to stop feeling like a burden to me. I listen whenever I’m there, when she’s there she talks and listens too. I’m in love w/ her. It’s a shot storm please help. She is aggressive and hostile towards everyone including her friends.


I don’t want to sound too cliche, but...
just another round of up and thinkin’ about killing myself.


The voices dont stop they are getting louder the more I stare
I’m watching Tool right now. In Nashville, TN. And it made me realize how I really don’t want to live anymore.
Most of my life, I wanted to make an impact on a huge amount of people. In highschool, I was an overachiever, and now, I’m just a simple citizen. i don’t impact people’s lives. At least, not enough. I’m done. I see the crowd, and I realize I am nothing. I cannot be impactful like that. So what is the point. I’ve been hospitalized before because of trying to hurt myself. I think this time I am going to go. I am drunk as fuck. And I have nothing to do in this world. So let’s make the most of it. I’m gonna enjoy this last night. Good bye people. I love you.


losing hope. grieving every day, trying to stay positive, but i don't know how much longer i can keep this up.
my mom committed suicide on October 3rd, 2019. she overdosed. i recently went into her room and found that the pill bottles are still near her bed, half full.
i also can't stop thinking about my ex boyfriend. we started dating February 3rd 2018 and he left me January 14th, 2019, so those are some painful anniversaries within a few weeks of each other.
i'm constantly grieving. i want to go back. i want to be happy again. i want things to be normal.
the only way my brain knows how to respond to bad feelings is to remind me that i can always kill myself, it's always an option, and i'll even have someone waiting for me on the other side. i know it would be selfish, my brother and my dad can't handle another loss and funeral and MORE suffering, but if she didn't care why should i?
the pills are still there. i could do it any day.


Had to write this somewhere.
I don't know what the fuck to do.  A year ago I lost my job.  Failing to find employment, I tried shooting myself in the head six months later.  I missed.   Last month I ran through the last of the goodwill I had with my family.  So long story short my family bought me a plane ticket out of Alaska, and gave me a little bit of money so I can try and not me homeless.  I leave Friday.
Tomorrow I have to give my dog to the animal shelter, since she's a pit bull and I can't take her on the airline with me.  She's literally the only living being that gives a single fuck about me, and the last tether I have to caring about reality.
I wish I could've figured this out.
But it's okay, I know there's tall buildings where I'm going.
Good luck.


My reason to live? It's anger.
Everyone has someone to associate with, not me.
Everyone has people they talk to, not me.
Everyone has family to be with, not me.
Everyone has someone special, not me.
Everyone has their own group of friends, not me.
Everytime when I tried to make myself happy by treating myself great food, solo trip to oversea, it'll just make me even more miserable and self concious of how miserable I am.
No achievement would satisfy my soul. No matter how good I am at what I'm doing. No rest would be enough. No work would keep me away from depression. I feel empty, down to the very core of my heart.


They say one in four are drunk when they pull the trigger
The only woman I've ever had real feelings for kicked me in the metaphorical nuts. I only have one real friend left, and I've bothered them with my problems enough. I thought I'd finally found a group that I could call friends, and now I realize that they only put up with me because they pitied me. So why the fuck shouldn't I pull the trigger? Nobody gives a fuck. I'm a drunk piece of shit that society would be better off without. I normally wouldn't even think of posting here, because my problems aren't worth other people's time, but I'm drunk out of my goddamn mind and I just don't care anymore.


I’m can’t do it anymore I’m scared
I’m scared I’m alone I’m just leaving A VERY abusive relationship and I just can’t keep going they used me made fun of me and didn’t accept me for being trans i know now no one will and I’m just so done I want it to end I just can’t go on knowing I’ll be ridiculed for my identity while That Person lives a happy life I’m just scared to go on I wish I were happy I’ve been trying therapy medication but it’s no working I’m BROKEN I’m gross and ugly and a joke and I can’t do it
I can’t go to work I don’t want this to continue I just don’t want another day it’s too much


I need help
I think about suicide multiple times a day, It's become normal to me. My mind is cloudy and I can never think straight anymore. I guess what I'm asking is, when should I consider hospitalization? Do most people think like this, suicide in the back of their head. As an escape. Or is this serious. I am afraid I might do something to hurt myself, but my suicidal thoughts are more passive than active. I just feel so stuck. I know it'll just get worse. But I don't want to make a big deal for my family


My reason to live is gone
I tryed to live and I find a way, I found someone who gave me the force to want to live. I lived and would die for him. He was my only reason to live.
Now I"ll never see him again.
He helped me but now I'm worst than ever. I dont wanna die to live and impress him or something like that, to prove that he mean something to me and prove that I'm not weak.
But it's soooooo hard. I can't handle this anymore, I really wanna help and live, but if I be weak or give up/give way I will commit this.
What I do?
Sorry the bad English, I'm not an expert in it and my country don't use that language. Sorry


Don’t want to die want it to stop
Today I was looking forward to something that I’ve been trying to get done health wise that limits me from being 100% physically, and have been looking forward to it for a long time(been too scared/poor to go). I go through months of test. Even though I know they’re stupid but Drs. Think they know all, which they do 99/100, except I know my body more than any other Dr on this planet.
Long story short. Test comeback and he says I’m completely fine, basically brushes me off and says it has to be something else. Not sure why but I just felt devastated. I haven’t been able to walk/run correctly in almost a decade and this guy tells me there’s nothing wrong.
I leave the hospital and I just wanted to jump into oncoming traffic/slam my head through something until I’m unconscious and still do 7 hours later. Obviously this sounds like an overreaction but it’s just an accumulation of a lot of different things going lately, mixed with this overall cloud void of darkness I’ve had for going on a year.
Any tips on getting past months like these? I wish I could just “die” for like 3 months or so but obviously not possible. Everything just eats at my mind to where I can’t even  pretend to be happy at work, and even the happy days only last 2-5 days. Then I’m back like this. Ik there’s more to life so I’ll keep on living but I just want real happiness again and stop contemplating hurting/killing myself because it won’t fix anything and honestly I couldn’t do that to my mom
TLDR: how do you help yourself over the feeling of wanting to die/stop the mental pain of life


I can’t tell my boyfriend I want to die
I’ve been so miserable and have been fantasizing my death all week. I finally tried to tell my boyfriend of five years how alone I feel and I don’t think he understands the magnitude of how painful it feels to be alive. There is a disconnect I have with everyone around me and I feel like the moment I express my feelings it’s written off as irrational or not understood. I live with my boyfriend and believe he will leave me at some point because of my depression. I think he sees my life as a cushy life but disregards the trauma that has built and buried me alive. I want to die and i know I need inpatient treatment perhaps buto all I want is understanding and I feel like why do I want to live in a world where I can’t feel like my life matters


is suicide even wrong at this point?
I don't know what i can possibly do anymore. this is my fourth time deleting all of this and restarting but hopefully the last. this isn't a suicide note. i say constantly that things can't get worse. that i couldn't possibly feel any more shitty. but here's the thing, it never fails. i don't even know what this is anymore. i'm not numb anymore - and it fucking sucks. my meds aren't helping. i mean they are probably helping a lot compared to how it'd be before i started taking them at all, but who knows. i've recently gotten out of the hospital and partial program around three weeks ago. partial was definitely helping. it wasn't a magical cure or anything , but it did help me feel like i finally have a destination and i'm finally just MAYBE going in the right direction. i'm not a believer in the whole "wait to see how things play out" stuff. that's not the way i was raised. but i'm just really stuck right now. i've always thought about suicide daily and i've always known that's how things would end and to be honest i can't even believe that i'm still here. i just have no fucking clue how i feel or what i should feel. i'm not who i used to be and it tears me apart. i'd never be the type of person to even write any of this, i was always, constantly helping others. i'd give my friends the best advice and i was looking at pictures yesterday from a year or so ago and i guess i'm still so hung up on that person. even then, i hated myself. absolutely hated myself. but now? i would do anything. and i mean anything to be her again. but right now...i mean now it's not only that i don't want to deal with this anymore. i literally just want to fucking die. i NEED to die. school has me so stressed. i have so much makeup work for the two months i've been out of school. ever since i came back to school people have been horrible to me. there's been so many rumors spread about me. i just don't get it. i rarely speak to people. why do people choose to do this to me? i'm not there for my friends anymore. not how i used to be. i feel so awful. i hate myself for it. i cant even text them and just feel okay. it all is just draining me, once again. actually i wouldn't even say draining. its more like now i don't give a fuck. i've been fucking up so bad. i smoked so much the other night i just completely forgot everything. i'm not normally the type of person to do that. i believe that you should only smoke if you can handle your weed and control yourself. i just dont know anymore dude. i cut last night and i didn't feel much from it at all. i've been self harming for the past six years and that's saying a lot. it's like right now i just don't give a shit anymore. i feel like i've already been hurt enough. i don't know what this is and i don't know what to do anymore. ever since i've been home from the hospital my mom has been a major support and she looked into all of this and kind of realized like 'oh shit my daughter actually is going through this'. but mom, i can't even explain to you. the internet can't explain. my diagnosis can't explain. my thoughts can't explain. i can not explain. i'm a fucking wreck. more than ever. and it scares me because i don't know what i'm going to fucking do. like i'll feel fine since right now (once again) i don't give a shit, but at the same time it all effects me and i just wind up hurting myself and messing things up for myself. i want to be a therapist when i'm older. i've always wanted to help others like myself. but fuck. right now i can't be a daughter. i cant be a friend. i cant be a girlfriend. i cant be a student. i am in pieces and i have no desire to put them together anymore. but i know - tomorrow i will wake up. i will go to school. i will do all of this. cause i don't have a choice. even at my lowest of lows, my mom would never let me do that to myself. never. i don't feel safe anywhere anymore. not at school. not at home by myself. not in a grocery store. and no longer, in my boyfriends arms. ptsd and flashbacks have been worse than ever lately. my depression and anxiety have been making me really sick physically. i'm going back to my eating disorder and i didn't even realize it until today. i just dont fucking care. i have no where to go. i have absolutely all of the support i could be getting right now and i'm still just gliding by. and i make it all look so easy. rarely anybody has a clue what goes on. ever. and this is all my fault. i don't even know why i'm writing this. i'm sorry. i really am. if you're reading this please just get help for yourself. you are so fucking worthy of it. i promise you that.


Do you ever wish there was a way to 'give up' without dying?
The last couple months I keep thinking about the concept of "giving up."
Over and over I've found myself wishing I could "just give up," but when I started to try to think through what giving up means, and what giving up looks like, I couldn't really come up with anything.
My suicidal tendencies are definitely on the passive end of the spectrum--I don't really want to kill myself so much as I sometimes think that I want to die or already be dead or never have been born or get some sort of magic do-over in life.
I think this is why my brain sometimes gravitates toward the idea of just giving up but like... how does one give up? At bare minimum the bills must be paid somehow. What would giving up actually entail, short of dying?
I wish there was some way to give up without dying; something between being alive and dead; some way to just get a break from being a human forced to keep going every day.


guess im trying again
tried to kms a few weeks ago, kind of an impulsive attempt but i was unconcious in the hospital for a few days. i've been in and out of the hospital and a safe house since then, just doing a shitton of drugs honestly. it's pretty hard to kill yourself in a safe house lol. not impossible, i guess ive been kind of overwhelmed with my situation and i tend not to be as suicidal when i'm stressed for some reason. now that ive been here for like a week and kind of settled in, the thoughts are coming back just as strong as before and im not gonna avoid them tbh. i think i'm gonna OD on heroin. i dont do H but i have a few plugs that sell it so . idk. im so fucking depressed.


Well, this is probably a farewell to all that drama.
I have the right chemicals here. I'm going to drink like a devil, because, why not? Then I'll Aegeus my way out. Drowned in bleach with detergent and some other shit. Right now. I hope my fucking body doesn't resist this time. I'm putting an effort. To those of you who read my pathetic drama worse than a mexican soap opera, I'm sorry you've had to read all that bullshit about me being raped and having a cunt for a mother and Prince Michkin for a father. It's all true but trailer trash had it worse than me. I'm a little shit complaining with a full belly. Sorry for everything. This time I hope that shit works. I'm no Mithridates of Pontus. I didn't take homeopathic dosages of poison to become immune. So I hope all that bleach brings me down. Two liters. I'll use a tube to feed that shit into me. Well, I'll die an inventive fuck. I'm full of dramin, so I hope I don't vomit or if I do, I Jimmi Hendrix it and drown. Farewell, strangers. This OP is trying to save himself.


The idea of death has always calmed me
When our family almost got hit by a car I thought “thank god”. But my dad swerved in time. and when I woke halfway up due to the plane descending (a very loud noise and the feeling of free falling) I was still halfway asleep so I thought the plane was crashing for a second. And I remember feeling so at peace. I was nervous but overall I was so relieved. And then I realized that we were just landing. And then my stomach ache returned. I just want one day of being ok. I don’t ask for happiness even though I want it. I just want one day.


Should i?
I have for a while Been struggeling with thoughts of suicide and just over all thoughts of depression and i dont know if i can take it anymore i cant go too school i just dont know what too do i know i am loved but my head tells me diffrent and i feel worthless i have tried diffrent ways too cope with life first i smoked weed and got caught then i drank a bunch of alochol and was hoping that i would get posiend or something like that i am so tierd of life i just want too die but also in the back of my head dont but i dont see any Other option i am 14 soon turning 15 i just want too know of my head tells me so is it my time ? Cuz of so i Will i have bought a rope and there is a wood close too me i think i Will go hang myself i just want too hear some words of hope not just what i have too improve or something like that i just want too be comforted and for atleast some time feel loved please this is my last wish i just want too hear something something please dont tell me just what u have too improve tell me something nice🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽


wow thanks therapist
OK so basically after having no therapy for almost a month I went again n told my therapist that in the past few eeks, my sleeping schedule fucked up, I felt empty n sad and restless and immensely tired at the same time and broken n I'm using a fake bubbly personality to somehow seem ok
and he just said he doesn't see it
He said I'm not really doing that badly, I'm just wanting to be sick
and idk
that was just the final blow to kick my semi-active suicidal thoughts back to active
I just don't know what to do with all those overwhelming feelings
I should feel OK, I'm having good grades, I'm doing fine health wise but I feel like all that is useless and I should just sleep forever
idk
I tried to stand in the road today but I was with a friend n that sort of made me snap back
had to get that out


i am leaving something so they remember me
i am going to record (regardless of how i sound) all 30ish songs ive created on my phone and put them on a few cds. on my death note i am going to request they (my family) publish my songs in an album called "this is where it ends." it's been my dream to release an album of my own, but everything is getting worse, im crying every night wishing i would die. i never feel like im good enough. i wanted to make my music with so many cool instruments, but life is dragging me down. the ceiling is my life, the ground is the noose. once a strong enough earthquake comes, the ceilling will fall to the floor. this is where it ends


Will the suicide helpline in America call the police on me .
Im suicidal and want someone to talk to. I visit my therapist tomorrow. If I call them, will they  the police on me? How do I avoid the police?


What is even the point?
I don't want to just die, but I just can't find any sense or meaning behind life. Music is boring so I stopped listening to it, people have their own lives so I don't bother them with mine, I used to have so many friends but now I feel so alone and left out, I had people care for me deeply only for me to hurt them and again and again. Time keeps passing and all I can think of is how late it is getting to do anything, but still can't do anything because why bother? It's not like it matters. I'm just so tired. I want to know if it's all inside my own head or if I'm really going crazy and turning into an outcast. People still want to do stuff with me but I just don't want to, they bore me, I bore myself, the world is full of nothing. I feel like I'm just waiting and passing time before I decide to pull the trigger. I hope I either do it soon or find a cure. I feel more and more like I've got nothing to lose.


So lonely
I have great friends and stuff but I just want someone who I love that loves me that I can talk to, I don’t want to keep feeling how I’ve been feeling for much longer


I feel like I’m not a proper person
I’m looking at myself in my phone camera just crying at how ugly I am and how much I hate myself as a person, I just want this to be over as soon as I have finished things I need to do


Just trying to cope with the feeling of non-existence
To not think anymore, to not experience anything anymore. I just want to be okay with it, because my life just isn't going to get better. I don't have a future. I'm not brave enough to take on the jobs/careers available to me. I'm not brave enough for military service. I'm not smart enough to get my way through this economy. I'm not strong enough to set goals and actually take steps to achieve them. I'm not strong enough to actually live my life. I don't want to step into the real world. I can't. If I get kicked out that's just it for me. I don't want to exist in a reality where getting high is literally not an option. I don't want to exist in a reality where I have to choose between being able to get high, and having a place to safely sleep, or a car to drive. I just can't do it.


I feel like I'm drowning
Life has been so hard for me lately. I live in NY, turned 18 very recently. I'm struggling so badly and my willpower is deflating more and more every day, it's almost - No, it IS - scary. I don't think I've ever gotten this close to wanting to take my own life. I've struggled with depression silently for years, and this year it's exploded. If I have anxiety, it's undiagnosed. I've always had at least a minor self hatred. This year has been especially difficult because of how fast the adult world is hitting me with deadlines and new problems to overcome. With college applications escaping me and the deadline only a few days away, and grades plummeting from their usual high rates, and the urge to find a job being pushed on me harder and harder, I feel so overwhelmed I might burst. Anger from procrastination and lacking the ability to forgive myself to continue onward, anxiety preventing me from opening vital projects and making progress, it's becoming a problem. I could always fix my grades and work to undo mistakes, but deadlines are deadlines. I can't shake the feeling that I've failed. It's left me stressed and depressed and nauseous for weeks. I don't know what to do. I'm scared. I can't talk to my parents about this, and I'd never burden my internet friends with this. I've been thinking about the escape of suicide as a sort of coping mechanism an unhealthy amount, and I'm beginning to think I I might actually do it. I didn't know where to get these feelings out, so I made a burner account and came here.
Suicide has always been an "option" for me whenever I get in a bind and I think I about it. I usually come to the conclusion that It would be a waste of all the time I've spent getting here, and that I should see it through to the end. I also think that my fear of the afterlife/the unknown and my low pain tolerance make it practically impossible.
Now, I don't know. Feelings of failure kinda ruin the "vibe check" of "I've worked for so long to get here" because now it's pointless. I'm just so tired, so eager for the pain, the pressure, the self-imposed tightness to go away. If taking my life does that, maybe it's the right thing to do.
My death would save my family money, and it's not like anyone would miss me for long. My parents have a far more academically successful child anyways. It would be good for society in terms of efficiency and resources if I died.
I can't find a reason to stay. I can't find a solution to my current problems. And death is becoming more desirable every day. I'm scared. I don't know what to do.


I’m done
I’m tired of  fighting, of being useless and under appreciated. I’m useless. My parents found out about the self harm. What was the response I got? Why would you disgrace us like that? Both parents work for the government and could get fired if an investigation was launched. I’m so done. I’m done not being accepted for being a lesbian, I’m done wanting to be here. I’m done with fake smiles and always saying ‘I’m okay’ . Im tired of life. So think of this as a suicide note, a goodbye to the only people who ever supported me. But now it’s my time and God’s calling me home. See you guys up there, hopefully not soon.
Goodbye and goodnight,
Love Ellie xx


Autistic, in sensory hell, want the pain to stop
As the title says, I have autism, a lovely disorder that usually comes package deal with Sensory processing disorder.  Because of this I live at home with my parents at 22 years old, feeling like an udder failure. Well they fight constantly, and are incompetent dog owners who let it (a German shepherd bullmastiff mix) bite me and my younger siblings and refuse to train it. But whats worse is, it barks at literally anything,  from the furnace turning on to someone coming downstairs, all... day... long. Hes a big dog so he has a loud booming bark that sends me into sensory overload, and has done so for over four years straight, its draining me of my mental fuse, i cant take the constant meltdowns and panic attacks anymore.
I have tried to talk to my parents about this and they just tell me "its just your anxiety, hes our baby, dont you tell me how to raise my baby, he doesn't do it to meeeee, or think of him as one of the humans and enjoy his company" they simply refuse to listen to me as I've begged them to get it to stop, i cant afford to live on my own, I'm mentally unable to live on my own. Im scared and I want the pain to stop, I've tried everything, noise canceling headphones help, but I cant wear them all day and night. Im in therapy, I tried exposure therapy, everything. I just cant take it anymore, I cant take listening to the dog snap at my siblings and I anymore. I just want to die and get the pain to stop, maybe that would wake my parents up from whatever this trance is that makes them unable to see that their kids are in danger.


Never fall in love with depression
That’s the advice they often give. Don’t let it define you, don’t let it be a part of who you are. How can you expect me to not fall in love with it when it’s the only thing that won’t leave me to rot?


Someone shoot me please
Please shoot me, make this stop, I beg you....


Well one of my only joys in life was just taken away
I just got in a car wreck. That was one of the only things that made me happy. Life enjoys kicking me down. Well I’m done


All I do is cause problem for my family and I feel like if I just hurt them one more time it will save me and everyone else a lot of pain.
Very long story, no way I could post all the details, so I’ll do my best to quickly summarize. I have one of the worst cases of insomnia in Michigan and chronic pain, also an on and off again opioid addict to help my sleep and pain. My dad is also very stubborn and very dumb and doesn’t know how to handle situations like mine. Like he was in special education classes and can barely read, while me and my mother are very deep thinkers. Everyday is hell. My dad just screams and yells about everything and I’m tired of him hurting my mom and I so me and him have thrown hands a few times while my mom cries in the background. I don’t want to emotionally hurt my mom anymore and I want to finally sleep. I really just feel like if I take a bunch of pills and booze or kill myself some other way it will cause some pain for my mom but in the end it will stop a lot of things that will cause her pain. I feel like if I was gone my family would be happy with just my mom my dad and my sister, I seem to be the root of all the problems. Please keep in mind these are just the cliff notes, there’s are probably over a hundred of other reasons I could bring up why suicide would be my best option. The only reason I’m hesitant is because it would devastate my poor mother, but I feel her overall life would be better without the stress from me and all the problems that I come with. That and there’s the obvious fear of not knowing what’s on the other side, but lately my mind has been going to such dark places because of sleep deprivation that I feel why not just see? Everyone dies. I believe there’s something after death but I wouldn’t call myself religious. I kind of believe there’s a god but I don’t think an all knowing all loving god would send us to eternal damnation and suffering for one mistake when we aren’t even 100% sure if what’s in the Bible is true. Most people just believe whatever religion their family believes or what religion is dominant where they live in. Im not looking for sympathy, I’m just in my bed crying after a 10 hour work day and as soon as I got home it was constant yelling and getting smacked by my dad and now I’m just in bed kind of crying and thinking about swallowing a large amount of muscle relaxers and Xanax and various other pills and drink this pint of whiskey I have next to my bed. I’m a 25yo Male. Well I just needed to get this off my chest. Goodnight and well wishes to everyone out their who is also suffering. I love you


My friend said I should get help
So today I googled over the counter drugs that can cause death and how much I should take and stuff, I've never gotten that far, usually I start drinking to snap myself out of it before I get that far, but today I got that far and honestly if I didnt have a bottle of rum I might have gone out and bought something from the list of over the counter drugs. I've also been crying uncontrollably all day, I'm honestly not sure what is wrong with me. I've never felt this lost and alone in my life, I'm also pushing people away and isolating myself. What do you guys think..what do you think I should do?


How to get past the fear of death?
I’m not going to kill myself now, but I’ve pretty much accepted that’s where I’m gonna be in a few years once I’m out of high school. I’m not going to go fully into the details because I’m sick of explaining myself. My mind’s not gonna change and neither will reality.
Problem is, I’m terrified of dying. And, call me selfish if you want because you’re probably right, it’s not because of hurting others or having wasted time and resources. Sure, it’s a source of guilt but it sure as hell won’t stop me.
It’s just death. Not the pain, but actually being dead. I’m an atheist, so I’m pretty decided on the fact that there’s nothing after. But I’m also a person with severe anxiety, so I worry. What if there’s a hell? If there’s nothing, how do I face that void? Or rather, how do I deal with the fact that there is nothing, a concept that I can’t even grasp, and not be afraid of it?
Suicide is a permanent fix to all problems. I just need to figure out how to come to terms with dying. The sooner I do that, the more calmly I can live the rest my hopefully short life knowing I have a nice opt out option waiting for me when I’ll need it.


Lost..
I've never really posted anywhere, and I don't know if this will help or not. The past few nights I can't keep suicidal thoughts from my mind. My main worry is my animals at this point, I hate the idea of letting them down. I've lost so much in my life. From my best friends or me moving when I was young, parents divorcing, dad moving far away, my mom died of liver cancer, my father smoke and drank himself to death once they forced him to retire, a year after I was able to reconnect with him. Other people closer to me moved away or passed away too. I just feel so numb and broken, I've been in tears for 3 days, unable to sleep or eat. What sparked it though is my husband got in a huge fight with his parents, and decided to change his entire life, and I don't have all the same visions. I like a more simple life, where he wants to live extravagantly. He's basically made me feel like I either follow him through his wants or he is done. He is my world and the only reason I have been able to keep going this long. I wasn't perfect, I got lost in a lot of depression and I could have been better to him, and better in general. I'm useless though. I have an artistic mind but not a business mind. INFP-T. I don't know what to do. I got comfortable living under him, and now I feel like I'm being thrown away after 12 years. I can't do this on my own. I stood by him through everything, but now I feel like nothing. I had many suicidal thoughts before him and while with him at other points. I thought we were doing well until this past weekend. This just feels like a breaking point I can't return from. Now I can only think of ways to do it, but also in a way where I dont leave a mess or scare my pets.  I have no desire to live, I've never felt that attached to this world anyway.


Tommorow
Tommorow, the 30th of January is the day, gonna drive up the top of essich and admire gods handywork on last time, gonna drink and smoke one last time, then I'll either overdose or hang my self by the trees, nobody here is gonna belive that I will, but you look at the BBC news, you fucking look, this is what modern fucking society does, it drives us insane, drives us to our whits end, life is pointless life has no meaning, we are just cursed with free thinking, life isn't fun anymore life is just an endless slog of shit, too anyone who reads this I urge you to just end it and too anyone in Inverness come fucking join me, we will do it together. Goodbye


.
It’s not worth it to keep going. I mean, what am I really living for? I hate going to school and I’m not good at anything there. My only two friends are leaving next year and I don’t know what to do anymore. I was planning on killing myself during the summer before the next school year, but I’m struggling with choosing the right method. It doesn’t seem like any of them are as easy as they seem. I kind of hope that something bad would happen so then it’s not my fault and I wouldn’t have to admit to everyone that I really had always wanted this. Sorry for bad grammar and probably awful formatting I really don’t give a shit right now.


No one will read this
I'm laying here realizing that in this world so damn fake I just want something real. Motherfuckers don't understand that I've been dying to live but the devils shooting to kill. Nobody knows what the fucks wrong with me because they dismiss me and they never really care. I mean, I'm 20 fucking years old and I've been numb since I was 9 so I'm just done man. The cold hard truth is that nothing ever gets better, yeah you can meet someone and shit, but eventually you'll die in a time too short, or they'll die. And you'll be broken and lonely again. Literally everything is a bandaid. I don't understand why NOBODY realizes how useless and fake the world really is like goddamn why won't they wake up. They'll say they miss me and develop love for me overnight but where the fuck was they when I needed them the most, when I was here all alone they were nowhere to be found. Well I'm too much of a coward to kill myself so I guess ima let this cancer and these seizures do it for me. I don't know what's on the other side but its gotta be better then this.


it's 2020, we're living in modern times, i can't believe so much shit has happened to me that seems like it's from medieval times
who else sometimes thinks "i can't believe this is reality, sometimes i still think it's all a bad dream"?
as a kid you're so fucking positive... oh everything will be great, i'll have zero problems in life.
then reality sets in, and you realize life isn't a fckkn disney movie.
i'm a christianity-based agnostic, i lost my deeper and greater faith after experiencing so much pain.
prayers don't help, fuck that shit


What are some of the worse drugs to overdose with?
Kurt Cobain had the right idea.
I just turned 17 and I can't help but feel like that was the worst decision of my life.
I've wasted my life. I have no friends because I have 0 energy to even keep small talk up, I had a band and that broke up cause I just can't find it in myself to do anything but sleep for hours and hours or distract myself with shows, or just something so I won't have to believe I'm actually living. I feel fake, and yet I feel nothing at all except for the constant dread that it's time for me to go. I don't even really know what love feels like. That's fucked, isn't it? Robotic. I don't know. I don't know much of anything, but I do know that I overstayed my welcome. Should've ended it at 13.


I am going to do it when I go back to home
I've made many poor life decisions, I lost all my friends and the most precious person in my life because of my behaviour. I've been struggling with many mental illness for almost 7 years and nothing helps. My plan is that I'm going back to my country for sorting out some paperwork, then when I'm finished with that I go in to the bathroom, light up some charcoal and end this suffering. I don't want to live, I screwed up many things and I have nothing left. I never had a good relationship with my parents, but I know they will die with me. I may be cruel for doing that, but I really can't imagine how could I ever continue with all the shame and pain. Will it  be enough to pass away? It's a small room, not many space but enough to light up the charcoal. Will the CO kills me? I failed once and don't want again, since I left a message that I'm dead, but woke up in the afternoon. Now everybody thinks I'm just an attention seeking liar and I don't want that. Death is really my only goal in life and I'm prepared. Please tell me, will it be enough to finally end this cursed existence?


I feel stupid
none of this is gonna make sense, it's just gonma be shaky cry typos.
I am so fucking tired and afraid and unsure of myself and my suicidal thoughts. I missed my drum lesson because I have been crying in my dark bedroom this entire time, my teacher texted me and I feel stupid I frel soso sosoo fucking stupid, I have been missing lessons because of work and because of my shit memory lately. These little things can make mentally ill people go absolutely insane, I never thought I would get to the point where something as small as this could ruin my entire night. HE just texted me get well soon even though he and I both know I am not "sick". I hate that I can't just say I AM SUICIDAL AS FUCK MY MAN AND I CANT TELL THE TIME WHENEVER I HAVE BEEN LIVING LIKE A SUICIDAL ZOMBIE FOR THE PAST 2 MONTHS.... but alas.
I am just so unsure if I will ever recover. People recover from depression every once in a while, or cope with ptsd or whatever, but I have never seen an older person with depression talk about if the suicidalness goes away ever. I don't want to feel this anymore. This isn't worth it. This shit hurts, is irritating and sometimes just painfully annoying and boring to deal with almost 24/7. i aDUFUFUCJFNDHD i ficking hate this sjit i want to yell


I know it gets better, but what future do I have?
Why can’t God just take me and let me come up to Heaven and be done with it? That would be the easy solution.
Lately I’ve been just satisfied with life. Life isn’t good, but it’s not bad either. My best friend JS doesn’t want to hang out with me as much anymore, mainly because I’m a negative influence and because he wants to hang out with his college friends before he graduates; and he for some reason won’t let me hang out with his college friends at the same time even though I’ve known them for a while.
A few days ago on Friday I had a heart to heart conversation with JS about my previous mental health issues and why things were the way they were. After about 2 hours, he basically said that this whole conversation was “pointless, ridiculous, and stupid” and it hurt. He’s my best friend but we aren’t on the same page. I thought I could trust and talk to him about anything, but he clearly and obviously has no idea about mental health issues.
It’s going to be a long journey. I have work in the morning and I actually work at the same place as JS. I just wonder how the next few days and weeks of my life will play out. I’ve lived until now and I’m sure I’ll live on, but it won’t be easy or pretty. After all, life is about hard work so I’ll work for it, no matter what I have to do. Thanks JS for being there for me, but I wish you would understand more.


Fuck it
Life sucks. I thought my depression was getting better but it's only getting worse. This is the second time in a week I've been close to killing myself. I'm sitting here with a knife on my lap right now. I'm home alone so there is nobody here to stop me. I could just end it all right here and nobody would know for hours. What's the point in even trying anymore? It's not like I have a life or friends, I'm just a usless piece of shit burden on my parents


Finally decided to set a date....
I don't really wanna write letters because no one would get it anyway but there are a couple people I wamt to know what happened. My daughter, she's 9. My boyfriend.  Some internet friends, I guess? One person I ghosted a while ago....not sure how to do that. But it's something to focus on other than the fact that I hate being alive and I'm kinda happy for that. Finally, some relief.


Really like it when I made a suicidal call-for-help on social media. They just remove my post for against community guidelines... then gave me hotlines for help. I meant , WTF, I was asking for help here and you just removed it ????!!!!
Thank you Instagram for making me feel better about leaving a world that full of hypocrites.


it’s like... why am i alive
feeling mentally unhinged 24/7 really isn’t the best thing ya know ? I wish someone could understand this the way I feel and experience it. At this rate, i’m waiting for the right time to go


Have you ever afraid of something but wanted ıt to happen so bad at the same time ?
Like a painless death maybe ?
I just lost all of hope , it is like my life wasted for nothing .  I know there are people have worst than me but ıt hurts so bad because ıam so alone and struggling with will to live , motivation , lack of love,  toxic parents ,depression ,asperger and some another bullshit . Tryied to find a good therapist but they didnt give me f about so i gave up . I dont see any point or a future so ıam asking to myself : " What ıam fighting for or  what is the point ? "
I am cursed to this life ; cursed to become failure , cursed to become unloved , i cannot be like normal people . They have lots of person who love them , they have a career but i just cursed to become that useless piece of meat .   Iam ready to sacrifice my life for someone because i get the fact no one  will look back  , i will be just like a pig corpse that no one will cry ...
This life became my own hell , i just dont want to hurt anymore .
And i got arm surgeon a few days later let's hope that it will be happen .
Iam trying  just trust me but ıt doesnt work .
I wanted to be loved and become a more good version of myself but the world is so small for me ...
(MY SONG FOR THIS NIGHT  )
(ALTER BRIDGE - BROKEN WINGS)


I want to kill myself because of what my mum did - my life is Ruined
argument she went on to give all my contacts to this ex friend of mine who ended up calling all my contacts and saying really horrible things about me and even set up a what’s app group about me ... the thing is I had so many people in my contact lists and I ended up getting harassed in the street because of what that guy was saying to people about me .. Anyway things got out of hand because they hacked my phone and oh boy it was such a disaster I lost my job as a result and people in my phone were calling me to ask me to fix the issue that I had with this guy because it was really bad and humiliating and some were even calling me asking me if my own biological mum was my real mum because they were just shocked that a parent could do that to their own child regardless of the argument that we had. So I decided to move to another city and these rumours followed me there and I had had enough of them so I tried to commit suicide and I ended up in a mental hospital for like four months and got out some months ago and to be honest I’m now feeling better but I still have dark days .. Anyway I tried to forgive my mum but I just couldn’t so a month ago I decided to cut her off and now she is using my sister to try and get sympathy from me and my sister is asking me to forgive my mum and talk to her but I don’t want to as she did what she did with the intention to hurt me her very own biological child ... am I too harsh or does she deserve this ??? I’m just trying to heal from what happened and I’m still way far from it, this guy that did that still owes me a lot of money honestly I knew this guy for 15 years and he decided to do that because he said he heard from my ex that I accused of raping me which I Never did as my ex boyfriend lied to him .. He has managed to ruin my life and it hurts so much as people that I was once closest to would be so malicious like this and not only that my very own biological mother is involved in this mess .. I mean how can I even fully recover from such betrayal?? I was a very friendly person so I had hundreds of people in my phone from people I knew professionally and personally and I even deleted my LinkedIn page because one recruiter advised me so as she was worried how this could hurt my career ... I’m still very much in shock over what happened and now I know humans could be the scariest to other human beings....How do I even move on from this ?? This has really messed up my mental health to be honest ... I just don’t know what to do anymore ...I just thought I would share with you guys here as I’m so hopeless and I have just given up on life


Chronically suicidal
I can't escape my misery. For 9 years I've wanted to be gone. I have good upbeat times but know matter what my will to live isn't enough.
I cannot cope with everyday stress. Feel trapped because I don't want another failed attempt. Mental illness (depression, anxiety, bpd) have been my life, my hobbies and have consumed me for almost half my life.
I feel I've tried so much (groups and therapy) I've improved drastically but still can't see my future. I wish I could magically wake up in the morning and feel happy about it. I wish I could function like the majority of people. The stress of just surviving day by day is too much. I don't know how to feel my life is worth living.


Why should I try?
I feel so exhausted all of the time. I keep putting up this front that I’m recovering from my suicide attempt and on the mend, but I’m really not.
I hate everything about my life right now. I’ve lost so much of what I cared about, and I just don’t want to rebuild. I don’t want to try anymore, I’m tired. I’m so so so tired. It feels like a slap in the face when I’m told to “hang in there” or “ this is just a bad moment” or whatever generic bullshit someone feels like spewing out. Ultimately, it’s an empty sentiment spoken so that when I do off myself, they’ll take comfort in knowing that they “tried” to help.
I feel like a terrible person for wanting to die. I feel selfish. I have family, friends, and boyfriend who all love me, but it just isn’t enough to be loved ya know? Can somebody please tell me how they found their will to live, or at least their will to try? It’s been months and I still want to just take all of my sleeping pills and drive off the canyon roads.


Schizoaffective and chronicly suicidal
I'm at a complete loss.
Im finally sober and taking my meds but I feel worse. Then my doctor prescribed me clonazepam, a benzodiazepine. It was just to help me sleep but now I have to take it during the day so I don't withdrawal and get angry. I thought I could make it to graduation this June, go to college and have a shot at life, but that seems impossible. Nothing is fixing me and now I'm beyond numb. I feel like a sick dog and I just want to be put down. I don't want to attempt again unless I have a gun and I know it will work. I just feel pathetic and alone. People who used to be my friends act like I don't even exist anymore. I'm so tired of waking up and drifting through life in this schizophrenic haze. Every night me and my dad fight and he makes me feel like a shitty person. Everything is blending together and everything hurts. I don't enjoy anything anymore. I barely leave the house nowadays. Doctors and therapists and hospitalizations can't fix me. No one knows what to do with me. I don't even feel alive. I've never felt human. Even as a child I felt alone and distant from everyone. I feel abandoned by the world. My brain is rotting in its own sickness and nothing can make it stop. I'm just so tired. I'm tired of everything. I know I'm only 18 but I feel like I've lived for too long. I'm ripping apart at the seams. Maybe I didn't survive my serious attempt last February, I feel like I've been in purgatory for a year. Just pretending to exist. I'm trying so hard to get better, but nothing seems to be working. I don't know what to do anymore.


Making my escape door
I'm not taking all of my meds, saving some of them so one day I'll have enough to overdose.
I'm going to destroy all the people close to me but I've been living for people for years now... I don't wanna live and it's almost time to be selfish because I can't bear it anymore. I'm sorry for being like this


Almost holds failed potential.
As one of my favourite poets said,  “We had come to the brink of something beautiful, but fell short so many times, we crafted a word for it…” (Bianca Phipps)
Almost.
Im just balancing on a thread of doing something that could destroy my potential of getting better.
Man..depression takes everything that holds you together.
I dropped out of college even though I had been given an oppertunity to go to universitiy this september, I carelessly broke my family, friends and boyfriends heart because I was reaching out for help with my depression but ended up pushing their support away because of this set mindset that i'm somehow a bad person.
I didn't eat and barely drank water, didn't sleep for 5 days straight as a form of 'punishment' and I ended up in the emergency department.
Now that i'm back home i'm trying my best to get into some sort of routine so that I don't fall into doing something again but not a day that goes by where I don't think of a plan to end my life. For the way I treated the people that cared for me, who still care for me, how do i forgive myself and heal not only the relationship with them but with myself. I don't know anymore and I cant wake up another day acting so helpless in everything that I do.
I use to be so afraid of death, now all i think about is how and when.


School knows about my suicidal thoughts
One day,somehow,my school psychologist found out about my suicidal and paranoid thoughts. She said, that she wants to help me,but i don’t believe her,like,i’m pretty sure she’s talking about it with her coworkers.My mom said,that we will find help. That’s good news tho.


Ready to call it quits with this life
Another sleepless night for me, I found some videos of my father my little cousin took without his knowledge back in 2013 ( he passed away a few months) and I started crying and laughing at some of the things ( he liked to tell stories and make jokes he loved making people laugh). Well my bf ( idk even if I can say he is anymore seeing as he sleeps on the couch for almost two months now and there's been no intimacy between us just fighting) he comes in the room and asks me what's wrong so I tell him and he just says angerily that I should stop watching the videos over and over. Now I feel even worse but I'm scared to start crying and break down but that's still not stopping the silent tears that I always seem to have. I can't live like this but I don't know how to get out everytime I leave he stops me and he made sure I dont have my family to go to and I have no friends at all, I'm in brand new city with no one I know within 5 hours of me. I just want to end it all I'm sick of this life since I was a child it's been one bad thing after another and it's getting to much to handle


Bruh
Today was a hard day to get through. Don’t wanna deal with tomorrow. Help


Need tips
I diet, I exercise, I study, I work, I meditate, I do yoga, I try to socialize even if I loathe doing so because of having to put on a facade. The opposite sex finds me favorable a lot. I had to cut off a potential love interest solely due to my feelings of worthlessness. I test of out many college level classes at age 20. Yet I still find myself as a failure, a fuck up, no good. It's becoming harder and harder to resist the sirens call of death. I don't know what to do but sit for hours contemplating my downfall. Therapy does not work, nor does medication, I've tried, for a long time. I've got a shotty with a slug, so ive got quick guaranteed means. Won't do it tonight, might not tomorrow, or the day after, but I'd estimate within the next few months. I've tried various outlets, games, mma, art, etc. I don't self harm, anymore at least, shit I don't even do any drugs, and rarely drink. What's next?


Is it worth it let me tell u my story and think is urs worse
I got picked on everyday my dad left and I was in love with this boy and then one day I lost it all I had the perfect life a mom a dad a dog and an amazing boyfriend but one day that all changed hi I’m makaylee and this is my growth from me trying to kill myself a few weeks / years ago I had a perfect life and then everything went wrong my dad left my mom was a single mom struggling to have a home for her and me and then I felt like a burden and that I didn’t matter so I tried to kill myself a few years later I met a boy named Andre I loved him so much and then one day it just felt like he lost interest In me so I had to go.. after that I cried every night and tried to kill myself and for the past few weeks I’ve learned all I need is me and that I need to love myself before I can love anyone so if you thinking about killing ur self just know ur worth so much and loved by many so don’t do it💔


I think it’s about that time.
Tie up loose ends.


When you realize that its time that you need to exit this world , if possible graciously
TL;DR
My best friend proposed me in 2014 April after her divorce, i always loved her and i accepted. But her ex was a psychopath who threatens and physically abuses just for the heck of it being drunk. He used to beat me up even before their divorce just because he wants a punching bag. I was afraid that if he comes to know that i will be in a relationship with my best friend and intend to marry her who is his ex , he would hurt me really and also suspect that i was the reason for their divorce. We had many mutual friends and i was afraid to tell my girl my feelings so instead i decided to put up a show that i was with someother girl(as a decoy) so that no one would know about me and my best friend. My girl used to live in a different country at the time , and initially i did not have the courage to tell her that im being with a decoy to protect myself , with the fear of losing her. I needed to maintain pretenses so i had to make it look real and it went too far. I did tell my best friend what i was upto eventually , she was upset but we managed to pull through for 5 years. Neither of our parents were happy about me and my best friend getting married but they had to succumb to our assertiveness and agreed. MY best friend asked me to do something that i always liked , like making films , and be happy and have no regrets in life before getting married. She motivated me and helped me immensely to shoot a film about climate change. I started the movie and suddenly she vanished , blocked me avoided me for months without any contact , i didnt understand , this never happened before. Later she finally broke the silence saying she met this decoy person and took her phone(that other girl hoarded the entire chats we had 5 years ago for some reason) , My best friend felt heart broken and betrayed and cheated. I argued that i did what i had to do to protect my self , but she was unhappy that i did not tell her how far it went with that decoy. Right now because of the pressure from her parents she is forced to date some guy, a potential husband. She initially said she will put all this behind us and she will call off that engagement , she did. but then her parents coerced her to again get in touch with that guy , but taking away her phones , her cards , and restricting her horridly. Right now she says she likes that guy and he is decent and warm and a replica of herself unlike me , who was always disturbed and lost. She says she is tired of making me stand on my feet because i was always in a depressed state before i started the movie. I realised my mistakes and begged her to forgive me and il try to be the best version of myself and keep her happy what ever it takes. But she has lost faith , she hates me , and her parents keep adding fuel to the fire by questioning her life choices , first the psychopath ex and now this philanderer person, etc. She has developed cystic fibrosis and she blames me for it , and this new guy it seems he has some terminal disease ,i dont know what. She says he makes her happy and she can relate to the guy(she calls herself terminal). The thought of my love of my life being with some guy , is something which i am unable to process or digest. I hated myself for what has happened , what i put her through and what im putting myself through cuz of what i did. I hated myself so much , that i began to disassociate. I was suicidal. I was unable to see things in first person anymore. I tried to get help from a couple of psychiatrists, they were too afraid to handle me after listening to my story and how i feel right now. I cannot think of anything else but killing myself. I dont have any friends to share with. I cannot share with my parents and break their hearts. At the same time im unable to live thinking my best friend , my girl , my partner , my everything , hates me and likes some guy now. She keeps me informed of whats happening like she wants me to win her back , but then she turns very cold and mean , all she can think of is the past. I am waiting for my movie to be submitted to Cannes 2020 , after which i decided to kill myself. Sharing this because someone has to know how much i love her and nothing in life has any meaning without her. </3


I'm afraid of getting better
Because then I'll trick myself into thinking that things could be good. And then suddenly, the effect wears off. Like it does every fucking time. I'm currently hoping that my addiction to nicotine is slowly killing me because I'm too much of a pussy to make it go any faster, to just do it.


I need a confidence boost
I'm going to confront something that's been weighing me down. I'm confronting my ex on her just leaving me. I typed it out, I just need to send it. I need the confidence to do it, please help me just say it.


Stuck
I have been depressed as long as I can remember and will probably be this way as long as I live. I dont see any point in extending my misery any longer then I have to. I constantly debate just going until I'm about to run out of money in the bank then taking what little is left and ending things on my terms. Pretty sure no one wants someone like me around anyway. Fuck people make me so anxious I can't even play games with a damn mic because I fear people are just going to judge and berate me. I'm pretty sure if I didnt bring snacks and soda to dnd my friends wouldn't even want anything to do with me. I've never been enough for anyone and never will be. I hope something that I can't control takes me out so I dont have to make the decision for myself and, maybe it would ease the suffering my death would cause my dad. Sorry for the rambling and sorry if this isn't the right subreddit for this.


My Plead
Pleading I ask you to peer into the period that is the paroxysm of my present.
Agony is the atmosphere and the amount is amplified by the antagonistic Great Malefic.
Inside of the intellectual lays the invention of irritation and imperfection.
No more nullification of nature, sleep will be warmer than nothingness.


im gonna do it tonight
idk why I’m posting this here just so somebody knows what happened ig


Nearly died and it felt peaceful.
3 weeks ago I took 2400mg caffeine. A lethal dose. I knew it is a lethal dose. Didn't care cause I want to know my limits. Worst case is that I would die. Doesn't sound too bad, right?
Ended up puking next day all day feeling really sick. But not that bad of an experience honestly.
~9 days ago I took 200mg zoloft which I still had left. I quit zoloft ~2 months ago. I don't know why I took it but I did. Knowing it would end with mild serotonin syndrome, nothing lethal. Even though there are cases where people died of 200mg zoloft. Serotonin syndrome feels disgusting.
So this weekend I felt so bad. I was jealous of a friend taking lsd. I wish I had some but I didn't. If I did that could've been a great night and I would feel good the days after like the last times I took lsd.
So my selfish retard brain said fuck it I'll get some beer. Got 6 beers. Drank them in 3 hours with some vodka I still had left and while drinking them I thought well fuck it I'll take 100mg zoloft and 800mg caffeine. Regret it instantly and flushed the other 100mg zoloft I still had left. If I didn't I would've taken them too. So I'm drunk at this point. Was chilling on discord talking bullshit. Then I thought it's time for some mdma. I know that mdma and zoloft combined higher the risk of getting serotonin syndrome by a lot. And tbh at that point I kinda just didn't care if I die or not.
Why all that happened I texted my best friend who was on lsd that I'm gonna take mdma. I ruined her trip. I still feel so bad about it. She was worried about me.
So I took 240mg mdma with 100mg zoloft and alcohol. The zoloft kills the emotionality you have on mdma and just made it feel like Meth. Literally just like Meth. So I was still feeling good for 5 hours just being high talking with people. I didn't realize yet what I've done.
So like usual on mdma I couldn't sleep. But this time it had so many side effects. I felt horrible.
After 8 hours of just tweaking I decided it's time to take a walk smoke cigarettes and go to sleep after. So while getting out of bed to put some clothes on i was nearly passing out, but knowing this feeling too good cause I already passed out about 20x in my life I knew what to do. So I went back to bed putting my legs up to let the blood flow back into my head and drank some water. Felt ok after a few secs and went for a walk. Came back home went into my room and instantly puked feeling really sick. I was shaking hard, breathing wasn't that easy, headache and feeling like passing out again.
I went into the bathroom to puke more. Kneeling down in front of the toilet. And there it is. A feeling like passing out but it was diffrent it was so powerful and intimidating, but yet I felt so peaceful and ok with it. I instantly thought that's it, I'm going to die but I felt fine with it.
My instincts told me to lay down and put my legs up like I usually do when I pass out. I texted my best friend instantly that I'm maybe going to die, that I'm sorry and that I love her.
But guess what, after a few minutes I felt better. If I didn't lay down I probably would be dead now.
In the end I asked my parents to bring me to the hospital where they kept me for the night. The doctors didn't know shit about mdma, zoloft and serotonin syndrome. I was awake for 40hrs at one point asking the doctor if they could give me something to sleep. He didn't. He was putting me under the risk of getting a psychosis from sleep depravation and drugs instead. I ended up falling asleep after a while but didn't sleep much and good. Waking up every 15 minutes struggling to fall asleep again until I gave up sleeping.
Doctors were disrespectful, made fun of me and repeatedly said it's my own fault.
Am at home since 2 days, going to school like usually. But my brain is a total mess at this point. I came to the conclusion that all these overdoses were me trying to kill myself. And now I just really want to go. I'm tired of this. Nothing ever actually changed.
I promised my friend to stay sober till April at least but I probably won't be able to. I'm already feeling so bad cause I'll probably lie to her and do drugs in secret. I just want to numb the pain and the thoughts.
I don't even regret doing all of this it showed me what I really want/think. I don't know if that's good tho.
Lost so much weight this month too. I'm probably underweight now.
Know thinking about it and writing this, I should've taken the other 100mg zoloft and the rest of my mdma too and just die.


Fastest way to die?
What are some of the best ways to kill yourself? (I know that there is no painless way to do it but what are the quickest ways to do it. Reducing the time may reduce the pain and it will only get me to my goal faster)


have an urge to get away
i’m so done with life i’m 18 i dropped out i do nothing all day i’m so bored. i literally drive around the same roads every day yeah i know it’s lame and a waste a gas but i’m literally so bored. driving is the only time where i feel like i’m free. i just wanna drive somewhere and never come back but every time i come back home and just lay in my bed wishing i was dead. i do nothing with my life. my future is fucked. i have 2 good friends and we hang out a couple times a week so that’s good. but still i’m distant with them and don’t talk much and they say i’ve changed i can tell they’re started to get tired of me. i don’t contribute anything and i just feel like a burden. we smoke weed and chill. that’s what i do with my life. i see my parents and 2 friends that’s it. i wish i didn’t drop out. i can’t go back anymore it’s too late. i don’t know what to do. i really just wanna leave this place and never come back i hate my life.


Music Is My Medicine
Not sure if this the right spot to ask. I tried looking up funeral music but not much there. My 35 year old brother committed suicide on Saturday. I’m the one that found him. I have to give the funeral home music to play during the celebration of life. Would love some ideas. He liked all music from rock, mariachi to hip hop to old school country and  everything in between. So far it’s Billy Strings - Enough To Leave, Grateful Dead - He’s Gone, Brokedown Palace, Nikki Costa - Arms Around You. I want some good hip hop but it’s hard finding stuff that doesn’t talk about selling drugs killing each other or some other words that I don’t really want played with family there haha thanks in advance for any help and hope you all are enjoying the day.. peace love light


Really what’s the point though
I don’t understand what the point of living is if you spend the first 18 years of life in school which totally ruins your self confidence and then go on to work 9-5 and have like 4 hours to yourself, that’s no life and sure I plan on getting a job that I like but I still would be working most of the day and would have little to no me time. I just don’t understand what the point of living is if you wake up to same day everyday knowing that will be the rest of your life, ending that early seems rather appealing to me not to mention that life right now Is a living hell for me and I genuinely just want to die. For my own please could you guys tell me things you all look forward to in life or enjoy, things that you find living for worth it


Can’t stop thinking about it
I live next to some train tracks and trains go by fairly often, several times an hour, and every time I hear the sound of a train going by all I can think about it suicide and killing myself, like I automatically visualize killing myself by jumping in front of one of those trains. It just triggers those thoughts constantly and I can’t get away from them since I live here. I’m in a lot of distress at the moment and I know I am not going to try and kill myself right now but it’s becoming more and more of a real option for me and I’m scared. I want to do it but I am scared. I feel like giving up


why cant i just kill myself?
i mean whats actually wrong with suicide everyone on this subreddit is either suicidal as well or don't understand what its like how is anyone here qualified to give advice i should just kill myself already


I don't know how to write an insteresting title
I just want to say that I'm struggling everyday even though I try to work on myself (eat healthily, workout).
Still hung up with the fact that I broke up with someone that I love around 4~5 months ago. I know that with me being suicidal here and there means that most likely  we never going to get back together.
She looks like she already moved on... Found a new guy probably. Live happily while I'm hung up with the break up.
My reasoning to live is because I don't want my father to lose his only family left other than my grandmother (I lost my mother when I was 4 years old). Also, because I want my ex to live "normally". /I read a thread from 5 years ago on question "how does it affect your life after your ex dies"/
So I'm trying to live at least until 19 Feb. From there, if it gets worse. Probably I will leave.


Does anyone even care?
They say they do but they never respond or give vague answers when asked, if they actually did they would be blunt about why you're valuable.
AKA they're lying. There is no reason I'm valuable.


Fuck waking up
\I'm not in immediate risk of suicide, Just bitching about suicide ideation. If you're here to help, Other posts are likely more worthy of your time. Thanks*)
I swear one of those times I'm gonna jump out of my 8th floor window just to go back to sleep. In one moment you're taken away from blissful oblivion or happy delirium back into shitty reality, In the worst state possible. Your body feels like shit. There's not even the slightest bit of energy in you to get out of bed.
In a few seconds you realize, Oh I'm back into my shitty life. You naturally start looking for a reason to give you some motivation to get up, Some people have jobs to go to, Others wake up to their SO, But for you, Looking for a reason just reminds you how meaningless and unnecessary your existence is.
Maybe you have to go to your worthless job to earn some money that will allow you to continue living this horror cycle, Maybe like me, You're just a burden to your worthless society, Spending your days high, Doing whatever will allow you to stop thinking for a moment.
idk how normal people get out of bed happy and refreshed. I wish I had that super power.


Fuck
I have a knife not that sharp ( see profile for pic) but I can't bring myself to use it to well cut myself idk why I'm such a pussy I shouldn't be afraid


I don't want to leave my kid
But I think I might try and make tonight my last one.
I don't mean to scar my son. I don't want to give him lifelong complexes. I wish someone would just kill me but life's not fair.


My best friend tried to kill himself and i found him
This happened yesterday evening. He's awake and in hospital now but it might've done permanent damage. I don't know. I had to stop him from falling asleep or throwing up for 2 hours before the ambulance finally came and they said there isn't much they can do now, we just have to wait and see if he survives the damage I guess.
I don't know what to do. I know he doesn't want to be here, but I don't want to lose my buddy I really don't. I apologised to him and told him we love him over and over. I'm really not taking it well and feel like I'm a rubbish friend, I have clinical depression and don't know the right things to say when he feels so lost. I'm bad with words and could've probably done so much more. I know that ain't my place and I'm no therapist, but I really wanted to help him even a little
We've been talking about his issues for days and days and days before this happened and I let him talk as much as he wanted..Of course that wasn't enough. I'm sorry for being all over the place. I just want him to come home.


I just got banned from my only discord server.
Well.. it pretty self-explanatory. I just got banned.. it was my own stupid mistake. But everything is falling apart. I'm trying to look happier for everyone. But in reality it keeps going worse. I'm done crying in the nights. I'm trying to be calm. But I'm having so much trouble with staying calm.. I'm done with myself. I'll just have to deal with being alone. Or I'll have to kill myself.. I don't want to think about it.. but everything tells me it's the only option.. I hate it..
It started 4 months ago.. I promised I'd look for help if I started cutting myself. But, I still didn't look for help. And cutting is starting to get normal.
Damn.. if I think back about it.. in probably just another goner


Everyday it just gets worst.
I can never heal. I am alone in this world. Im lost. I should have suffocated


I feel like it's time to end it
I'm so sick in the brain and no one will listen to me. I want help, I'm sure there must be something seriously wrong but it's impossible to get the GP to do anything other than prescribe me anti-depressants which don't make a difference. I've attempted suicide multiple times in the past and I've been sent home in the middle of the night with a leaflet with a crisis number to call, who just tell me to go to a&e if it gets bad, continuing the cycle. I don't see it getting better, ever. The person I loved has left because he 'couldn't handle it' anymore. I'm beyond love and I'm never going to be well so what's the point.


Do things really ever get better?
I've been suicidal for pretty much all my life. My first near death experience was when I was 11 years old, I tried and almost successfully committed suicide. I'm now 21 years old and I'm not sure how I made it this far. I feel so alone everyday. I'm afraid I might do it one day


A better time
So after looking online I found the correct height I need to drop in order to successfully hang myself. The question is do I wait till my parents are gone on their trip or just do It tonight before i lose the courage? Mind me though even if I dont do it tonight I'll just keep thinking how it would be better if I were dead anyway. According to the article I need to drop a minimum of 10 feet in order for a successful neck snapping since my weight is so small. I'm thinking since it's so cold and the place I have planned is old it would be better to use chain instead of rope since I'm fairly certain with my luck the rope will snap after I fall the 10 feet and I'll just be fucked up on the ground below instead of dead. I dont know if its kinder to not leave a note or to not. It really doesn't matter anyway since I'll be dead and nothing I have ever done will matter or been.


My lawyer won't help me fight for my son over 40 fucking quid.
So I've been fighting for my 7 month old son for a while now, his mother won't let me see him and unfortunately this is the only way to do it. I've beaten cancer this past week and because much of that treatment was in America I'm massively in debt. My custody lawyer knows this and yet asked for the 5,000 up front regardless.
Despite all this I saved up £4,960 all in for my appointment yesterday, and sent him that amount beforehand.
He's refusing to help me any further as the "full payment has not been received."
He's even gave me some legal mumbo jumbo about how the fee is even non refundable so won't return it; and says he won't help till he receives the last 40 and he needs it within 24hrs. Unfortunately ATM with this medical debt that's just impossible for me.
I've only stayed alive and fought because of my son, I've put this in this Sunreddit before, but now I know I'm back at square one because of pure human selfishness and greed I'm prepared to just slice my wrists and end my life.
I let my boy down, and that to me is completely unforgivable.


I'm retarded =/
I always get my wording and behavior wrong, triggering people without any will. Always people become aggressive against me, and I find myself being smaller and smaller.. until I'm effectively the one who shouldn't exist. Basically I'm problem of the world which needs to be solved violently.. I guess I'd rather kill myself before I got solved away by others.


I’m spiraling
I’m having a lot of really negative thoughts and the more I try to get them to go away the farther down and more depressed I get. I have a lot of good things in my life and I recognize that but right now I just want all of this to be over and done with


it just hurts
Hey if you're reading this I'm a 15 y/o male being homeschooled in my sophomore year
TLDR at the bottom
Ok here we go
(sorry its gonna be long and I ramble alot)
(I also dont care about grammar so yah sorry)
I have 3 younger siblings 13 11 and 8
(needed later)
So I've never been to close to my father he was 55 when I was born and had already had 8 kids before me so he doesnt give a shit he never did anything with us and sometimes he would hit me, so I've never been to close to him but I still looked up to him
But my real pain started when I was 9, I went to a schooling thing called CC and I had a few people I trusted there until they showed their true nature, the day my grandpa die my mother who helped with CC got me and said something happened I knew what it was my grandpa had been battling cancer so I started balling my eyes out and my "friends" instead of comforting me in my moment of need saw it as weakness and that's when they started to emotionally and physically hurt me,
Oh yah and my youngest sibling wanted to be held so I didnt get a hug from my mom the day my grandpa died and I still havent forgiven her
the next time I saw my "trusted friends" they started to teach me to believe I was worthless , unattractive(I still feel this way) and shit like that they started to hit me they eventually got me to cut myself(which I havent stopped) and I trusted them and they were my only friends so I didn't leave them I stayed with that for three years before trying to off myself and after that I tought and realized I didn't need them and I just let the hate boil inside me to a point I stalked the one who started it and planned to kill him and only didn't because I couldnt get ahold of a firearm like I planned, on not proud of this but its part of my life but it will never go away,
in 2019 my cousin reached out to me and said he wanted to play videogames which then turned into him inviting me to a group movie which is where I met my now girlfriend and when I looked into her eyes ...i ...I just felt safe like no one could hurt me when she was around and that I could be myself(now I know she had the same feeling)
after that my cousin suggested that we watch the star wars series at my house and said he'd be bringing a friend and it was her and it was the second time she had met me she cuddled upto my side and ...i just didnt understand why she would because in her past relationship she was raped over a period of 6 months ....so I dont understand how she would want to do that when we had just met
and after that the movies at my house kept happening and we went to the movies as a group and then we went to homecoming as a group with my cousin and his girlfriend and my now girlfriend and at this point we hadnt told eachother how we felt about eachother
The day after the dance she told me that she really liked me and that she wanted to date me (neither of us what sex just someone to comfort us at hard times)and a month after that ahe said she wanted to spend her life with me .....and I want that because I love her and she makes me feel safe ....but I know I wont be able to provide a comfortable life for her and its making me stressed because I want a life with her but if my schooling keeps going at the rate its at I won't get a diploma and without that I can barely support myself and I want to be physically more for her
and its making my depression worse and i just want the pain to go away
....but I know that my girlfriend and two like brothers will off themselves if I do ...and I dont want that for them .....but it hurts and I want it to stop
I ...I just don't know what to do
TLDR;
I had people I trusted treat me like shit for 3 years and I planned fucked up shit and now that I have friends and a girlfriend I feel that I don't deserve them and that I'm not enough for her and never will be and its making me stressed with my school and I just want the pain go go away but I know that my girlfriend and 2 like brothers would follow me in death and I dont want the people I love the most to off themselves because of me


i just see the world for what it is
too self aware to be alive, theres no reason for this. life will go on, ppl will continue to be ignorant, breed and population. the system will always be broken


School
So my school have put me on a 'suicide safety plan'
They pretty much think im gonna kill myself. I would like to, but would never fucking talk to them about it. Having to meet with a nurse or doctor for my sh and stuff.


If my parents don’t let me buy mcr tickets I’m gonna kill myself
Heaven send Hell away No one sings like you anymore
Just listen acoustic version of "Black hole sun" by Chris Cornell on YouTube (sometimes I search this song in dark moments). This beautiful version I listened for the first time and reading the comments I find out that Chris lose his battle as well unfortunately. I don't know is it suicide destiny or a choice anymore!?
Hang my head, drown my fear
Till you all just disappear
Black hole sun, won't you come
And wash away the rain?
Black hole sun, won't you come?
Won't you come?
What an a song thank you Chris.


Weird but help me if you can
I'm a nineteen year old girl.Now one of my problems is I am very ugly.Not saying  this to get attention. People have said this to me a lot. Ladies, guys, family  members etc.It doesn’t bother me when I'm  all by myself.I feel like a liability  to people.I feel like people are forced to behave nicely with me.As far as the matter of dating goes, I'm  so ugly that I  think I  don’t  deserve anyone.I look ok ish with makeup but isn’t  that catfishing people?  I adore natural beauty  a lot.THERE  has been times, I liked some guy and they preferred my best friend  over me because she was way prettier  than me. I'm very insecure in public. I want  to be loved too.But people today mainly prefer the beauy of outside.I feel alone.very alone,incapable of keeping  anyone happy. It'd be such injustice  to people if I  date them.I know inner beauty matters the most.It's the only  thing matters  to me to.Over  the years, I have developed myself too.People  like me for my personality  too but after they see my face it's  always  the same. I get friendzoned. It's  so hard for me. I want to kill myself


Evreything just keeps going wrong
Over and over its just keeps breaking more and more i really dont know any options anymore im so tired i could use someone to talk to


I've failed again
I tried killing myself yesterday mixing schnapps and nyquil. It didn't work.
The night before, I sat in my garage for 30 minutes but didn't have the courage to start my car engine.
Here we are today. A new day, a new way to die.
I can't even kill myself properly.


Post natal psychosis
I have been diagnosed with post natal psychosis for the second time. When I’m lucid I feel miserable, when I’m not, I am a danger to my family, myself, and I am vile to my husband.
I can’t control it and I am bringing everyone around me down. I think the world would be better without me, but because I tried to kill myself last time I was diagnosed, everybody is removing the risks.
I feel like nobody hears me anymore, they just see me as a problem to be fixed or boxed away.


They say time heals all wounds
Then why do I feel broken all the time? I've never had a meaningful relationship. I've never had a girlfriend, I've been strung along for so many years. I've never even kissed a girl and I'm already in my thirties. All I want is someone to love me or at least give me a chance. I've never admitted this to anyone, everyone assumes I'm a normal person that's has normal relationships but it's never happened for me. I've been rejected so many times I can't believe where the time has gone. What is this all for if it's not to share your life with someone you love? I'm tired of trying. I'm tired of being alone. I'm tired of being sad. I'm tired of being alive but I know I'm too much of a coward to do anything about it. I'm a waste of human life


I wish I was a cat.
I always felt a spiritual connection to cats. I wish I was a cat instead of a human honestly. I hate my body, it’s not that im ugly but that i’m human. It just feels wrong. I believe in reincarnation so im pretty sure if i die the world will set it right and make me a cat in my new life.


I'm scared of my own thoughts and I dont know what to do
I've (M20) been with my gf (F21) for 3 years, three happy years. A year and a half in I started falling for her sister (F20) but never lost any feelings for my girl. I held it in and didn't tell anybody because I didn't feel the need to act on it and I'm happily in love with my girlfriend. 2 weeks ago I got really jealous over her sister and another guy, which had never happened before so I decided I have to come out about it. I told my girlfriend, and somehow she understands and wants to work through it. We might take a break soon, we dont know yet. But my whole point of this post is I'm extremely suicidal, I was suicidal before coming out about it and thought that being open would help. But it hasn't, at all. I'm worse, I hate myself for feeling this way, for hurting her, and i don't want to be suicidal, I never have been before this, but the thoughts just keep coming and I don't know how to stop them other than to get high (yes I know that isnt a healthy way to deal with this but I dont know any other way to stop the thoughts). Please help me


STD
Had hookups with guys for a few years now. Never really been safe cuz I trusted the guys. Couldn’t really buy condoms either cuz of my super religious family. Couldn’t even hide them cuz I don’t have a good enough hiding spot. A few week’s ago I had a spot on a private place. Hoped to god it was a zit. Got tested. Just found out today it was herpes. I feel so dirty and low.


I wrote my suicide note last night
Hey all, first time posting here.
I’ve struggled with mental health & the like my whole life. Been hospitalized and in treatment more times than I can count.
As I get older, my feelings & reasons for it become more tired and serious. It seems like I exist in a state of being suicidal, even when I’m “fine”. I’m just tired of it. Last night was a really bad night for me, and I ended up writing my goodbye letter. I don’t have any concrete plans to end my life in the immediate future, but I feel like I’m always at risk. I don’t know where to go from here. I’m scared and sad and I want to reach out and talk to my family but I don’t know how to start. They know about my mental health & have been involved with it, but they tend to ignore it until I’m actually in the hospital or something. Even when I’ve attempted in the past, they get involved for a bit, and then pretend it never happened. I guess its easier for them that way, and I don’t blame them. I’m a lot to deal with.
I just feel like this is a big step down a path of no return for me. It just cements how hopeless I find the whole situation.
I need advice. Or just to listen to similar experiences. I hope this was the right place to post. Thanks for listening.


To the man who ruined my childhood
God I hate you i really do i’ve never said that to anyone before but I hate you Malcolm
Today is the day i leave I really want to say this is all your fault but I won’t blame a sick person it doesn’t feel right to me
It started when I was 12 you groomed me online i’m glad you found me as a nice toy, i’m glad that i found it fun in the moment also, i’m glad that you ripped apart my soul like some cheap fabric because now I have a reason to finally escape this life without my family blaming themselves
I’m 16 now it should have never of been like this I know I never deserved to end up this way but then again neither did you I still wonder what exactly happened to make you this way I would give all the money to just sit in a room with you and try to get some sort of peace and understand what made you sick but now it’s been 4 years and I finally realized that the peace won’t be coming ever and I need to get out of this life while i’m still ahead
This note is a mess....
I’m not sure if I want to write a note saying how you made me feel loved or one writing every horrible thing you ever did or made me do
Screw new zealand for not taking action until now god I hate you but can’t blame a country for one person’s downfall now can we
I don’t care what the church taught me heaven is overrated and probably the fake happiness we get from a few puffs or a couple sips when we try to relax and get our minds off someone else’s sins
send me to hell somewhere that will understand that this is all my fault take me to the dark side what’s new really you did the absolute same it’s like taking someone who can’t swim and pushing them off a bridge only difference is I never screamed
This is stupid none of this makes sense I have no much to say but no time
But I finally told everyone so hey get some help right hopefully the police follow through get some peace on earth so I can get some away from here please
178 pills because that’s your favorite number
Why did it have to be like this? I really hope the other girls get some help. Why me? Why them? Why us?
You know what I really don’t hate you maybe it’s just because you emotionally destroyed me but I feel zero hatred towards you anymore I don’t “love” you anymore but please enjoy the rest of your stay on earth sorry I called the police but your mind really deserved some peace from those evil thoughts please just do me a favor and get better we both deserve to but just in different ways I’ll watch over you hopefully but just get better
This is the worst note i’ve ever loved because it made zero sense
Well it’s about time to get some peace while i’m ahead Thank you to wherever reads this note that made zero sense❤️


Never quit
I tried killing myself last year, on the 26th of February. I'm gonna try again this year. Nothing has gotten better. The only good thing about my life is my dog. I plan to leave her to my mom, I hope she'll see her as a lesser burden than I am.
I'm excited to finish what I started.


Bought a rope on Amazon
Couldn't afford express delivery, so I have to wait until Monday...what should I do with my last days?


my thought process is too much and annoying
i stopped fearing death few yrs ago but now it's 100% clear that i will take my own life. my thought process is too realistic and negative.
socializing : parties/bars talking to someone > listening > sharing my story > fake laugh > feel depressed > what is the point of this? You are suppose to enjoy socializing but in todays world or because im so fucked up. I cannot connect with anyone or enjoy any of it. I just don't see the point of talking to ppl anymore.
Post on reddit > feel like shit > whats the point of running around in circles? crying about my pain that nobody can help or care about. the only solution is death or just shut the fuck up, nobody wants to hear ur depression. everything i say or do seems pointless
work (i dont work anymore) > sit in traffic > wonder why I'm doing this everyday > get to work > say fake hi to co-workers if I know them > work a bit > feel miserable and trapped > why am I doing this? oh that's right bills > why do I should care about bills when I"m miserable? > so you can cry on ur empty apartment and start the day all over again > oh ok, but for how long? > till u want to die > what's the point of this when u feel like shit? > there isn't, go kill yourself and stop having the same thought over and over like a crazy person.
Hobbies > sooo u do realize ur broke right > how much is this "hobby" going to cost me > hmmm I"m too tired to do it but I need the exercise > why do I need the exercise? > so you can live longer > so do I want to live longer? > so you can do same shit for longer period of time > are you having any fun? > no > this hobby feels like labor > I can't believe I worked X amount of hours to pay for this hobby > now I have to work extra X amount of hours to recoup for this activity > I do not enjoy this at all > why am I doing this agian? > because you are still alive and if u want to stay healthy and live longer u must > but I do not enjoy it
I been having the same thoughts for years and years. no, for decades now. I am stuck inside my own head. I'm always in my head and I"m always thinking about how shitty my fucking life is and how unhappy I am. I tried everything, I"m just not like everyone else. I don't give a fuck, I just don't give a shit what ppl care about.
my life is a prison, going to work, apartment, exercise over and over and over. you can't do anything else unless u have money or have time off work. there's no freedom. i had to quit my job and i can't leave my house  cause i can't afford to do anything. how is this living? i'm trapped inside my mind all day, my cognitive functions are getting worse and its getting more difficult to talk everyday. brain fog is real, it's not joke. i talk like a broken 80yr old man
there's nothing i can do, i already thought of everything. this is all genetics, i'm trapped inside my head and only way to end this suffering is to die. there's no escape in this miserable fucking life unless ur fucking rich
since ur so fucked up, it makes perfect sense that NOBODY likes you or wants to talk to you anymore. but what the hell is the point? it's like u feel any connection when u talk to em. so there's no point of anything. i'm fucking done, i was born with a broken mind. abusive childhood lead to broken life and im now i'll just disappear like i never existed. life moves on


I am so done
After another sleepless night, I am so worn down. I AM SO FUCKING DONE! Why? I do I have to be punished like this? Why do I get the shame and the guilt and the sleepless nights? I am over it. I am over everything. I just want to rest and have peace...  I am done pretending to be okay


It’s getting to be too much.
I am in Highschool and the immense amount of stress I’m feeling lately is starting to get to me.
My father died a few years back and it still affects me to this day. My sister, who is my best friend, has been diagnosed with multiple mental disorders, as well as anorexia. She has been in and out of mental hospitals and treatment facilities. As the only guy in my house, I have to stay strong to support my family.
My girlfriend is super stressful. I love her so much, but she puts so much stress on me. She complains about everything and when I try to help her she pushes all of my opinions away. She’s never happy and it’s hard to see someone you love so much like that.
I don’t know what to do anymore.


I'm a mistake that I don't have the confidence to fix anymore
I don't even feel human. What kind of god would have made me like this and expect things to be okay? Dysthymia with poorly timed severe depression, anxiety, PTSD, and now we're throwing in an adulthood diagnosis of autism. (It explains a lot, which is nice, but it's daunting to think I'll have zero social skills for the rest of my life.) I've been stuck like this for nearly ten years. I'm on autopilot 24/7 just to get by, and if my attention slips I burst into tears.
Some of the hardest things:
- My family doesn't understand mental illness at all
- If I go back to a ward I'd probably lose my job, future chance at careers, and the only person who loves me
- If I die I also lose the only person who loves me (but hey no more working)
- The plans for my last attempts, although deleted, are too fresh in my mind
And now realizing,
- Everyone here has been through so much. I feel like a wimp. I'm so ready to die, but what for? What's making me feel like this lately? Not much.
Things have been so good lately. What's wrong with me? Am I just permanently broken? Did I lose the ability to be happy no matter what good comes my way?
I am happy sometimes, often even. Why doesn't it stay? Even when nothing changed between last night and today but my own thoughts, why do I want to die again?
It's just been happening so much lately. I can't take it anymore. This shit eating goblin in my brain wants me dead and god dammit I just might have to give it to him to shut him up.
But I'll go out on my terms. Donations and vacations, I'll use what little I have left to do something meaningful.


I filled the tub
Fully clothed. So scared to drop the blow dryer in but it’s just so easy. It’ll all be over..


Plz
I just got done typing this its a bit jumbled but plz bare with me
I don't even know where to start. I guess beginning (this might get depressing). My parents split up when i was 2 and i went to my moms for summer and christmas she lived in Missouri while my dad and i lived in oklahoma.  I have had a rough child hood i was like 9 or 10 when it all started and my gpa killed himself out side in his car i saw him right after they got him to some place idk where but his body was still full of the gas from the exhaust. I was really close to him so it was really hard the next year on of my uncles died and i started losing faith in god. When i was 12ish maybe 11 my mom babysitting these 2 guys they both above 16 idk really they where older i thought it was weird she was babysotting but my mom was a junky so there could of been something else happening im not sure but what i remember was playing spinthe bottle with high schoolers and one night on of the guy made me lay down on his bed room floor and he turned off the light and asked of i wanted to play thats all i remember i think i blocked the rest out and now i try to remember but i cant i i just end up crying. When i was 13 my gma died of over dose and this is when i moved in with my mom for the second time and started smoking weed both these grandparents were on my mothers side. Imma back track a little to get caught up woth my dads side before i go to age 15. Life with my dad was hard but i loved him so i try to ignore all of it my dad was a alcoholic i mean he tryied to support us but we were very poor well he made money but it all went to alcohol and weed for my stepmom but i basicly raised my little brother and sister because my parents really didnt we spent a good amount of time with my grandparents from my dads side my gpa from his side never really talked to my but my gma was like my mom because my mom was always on drugs and never there for me actually my gma  was the only adult thats everbeen there for me. So i started self harm at 12 i felt so alone at home and i was bullied in school i had no friends and i wanted to kill myself i came out to my dad that i was bi at 13 and he didnt take it well this when i moved in with my mom for the first time but it only lasted 2 months because at this point she is in tulsa oklahoma woth a new guy and the schools there were to big for my social anxiety and i skipped alot she made me start smoking weed because i was cutting myself and i went back to my dads. Between the ages of 13-15 nothing major happen but my developing drug addictions so by the time i was 15 i was smoking weed constantly and taking any oills i can i moved in with my mom at 15-18 when she moved to a small ass town Chouteau Oklahoma. This is where i met some of the best friends ive had but dont talk to anymore(reached out to one telling them i needed someone to talk to and he read it and didnt respond) in this town i also started a 3 year addiction to k2 that fake weed shit. I was like 16 when i got kicked out of highschool for getting in trouble to much i was smoking cigs and fake weed at achool id take pills and go to school and yeah i just didnt know how to deal with shot still i was 15 or 16 when i saw one of my friends from the town i lived in with my dad was hit by a train and they had to scrape his body of the ground with a shovel....wtf more drugs attempt suicide first time . at 16 i had falling out woth a guy my mom was with tony.. He was abusing my mom and he was a drunk he is huge like 6 feet or taller my mom like 5 2 but we got in fight and i said i will kill him in his sleep tonight. He left and later she met this guy mike he was hit by power lilne as kid he was missing a leg but he was a great guy we had a strong connection so at 17 i spent 6 month in 3 diff mental heath places last place was high security because i kept self harming. And i wanted to kill myself again i was bad on drugs and huffing gas. I got better ish i got out i only smoked weed and took pills didnt take k2 but had a prescription to highest mg aderal. After i got out my mom had sold my car and moved us into middle of no where my friends wouldnt talk to me and i had no one again i tried to od second atrempt of suicide  on addy i was taking 5 methadone a day from mike and i had nothing so i stop taking meds and moved to texas with my day at 18 he just got out of jail for 6 months he was in a wreck with his brother they were drunk his brothe lost use of his arm but anyway we went tl texas for a new start i was still smoking and had opioid addiction cant kick we started doing concrete and staying in a motel together eventually he got back with my step mom and its all 5 of us me my dad stepmom sister and brother staying in 1 room at my stepmoms moms house. That was about 4 months and we got a town home and this is where i started losing it again i left home stayed with a random girl fir a month my mom calls mike died his body stored to much water in his leg or someshit. It hurt so bad cam back my dad had new job and i was such and introvert i havent had friends in a whike idk anyone and i got lost into a pc i went withouth a job for a year did leave the house i went to job corp at 19 amd dropped out came back home worked with my dad for a little never moved out got fired moved in with aa girl i fell" in love"with her name was tori it lasted 5 months and i stared meth our relationship was based of drugs we broke uo i went back home quit meth still smoked weed and took pills. I was lost i didnt work date or leave house for 2 years i started working at 7 eleven after 2 years to try to learn social skill an move on with life 6 mobths in i met the love of my life i saw her once and thought about her everynight about dating and being with her i saw her again a week later got her number we hung out a little she showed up one night crying i tried to help we hung out alot more then like after a month we started dating and another 2 months we live together i move out for first time roomate with her and coworker i was really bad on pills at this point like had 4 hour blackouts at work from xanax and taking everything i can find about a 6 months into our relationship she helped me slow dow. On pills maybe take couple times a months i loved her so much i was so happy i felt good social and where i was so i quit 7 11 and startrd training under chef and a college for a career bit the kitchen closed for 4 moths out of the year and i need a more stable job so for the next 3 year im on and off pills and work i have no friends my lung collapse 2 times one of my best friends from school killed himself my gna that was like a mom dided of cancer my uncle died on r wheeler accident only thing i love in life is sarah we had some patches but tried to get through she stopped taking meds got off birth control amd got a little abusing physically alot mentally but i know she was sick and it wasnt her and i k ow her i love her blah blah ive been without a job for a month 2 weeks ago we broke up she wants to focus on herself i get that i really do but we tried to be frie ds after break uo but i felt lime she was just using me to not be alone and ahe said she didnt know if she was or not she started texting the only other guy she every loved and it hurt i felt like i dont want to stay fr3as yiu move on and date other ppl i still love you so i ended the friendship i relapses on my short sobriety of pills and long time without self harm i think about killing myself every time i think about life without her and the familty we had planned im back at parents no job no one to talk to i want to killmyself again im 24 i wanted to purpose this year i dont want to open up to anyone anymore they just leave me im lost i hate life and there is no fucking hope everything just get worse nothing gets better


I want to believe that I can be happy again.
I've had depression for over 7 years now. It has gotten worse and worse until I ultimately prepped for suicide a couple months ago and was caught.
I'm alive now because I dont want to hurt people. I've gotten a bit better- there are things in life I want to experience and do...but day to day life feels so hard to get through.
I'm in a really bad living situation where I cant even eat, sleep, shower, or even pee while feeling safe. One of my roommates has mental illnesses and is extremy aggressive verbally emotionally and physically. I have a part time job that pays excellently, but it is contracting and client based, so its unsteady and unreliable. Sometimes I make enough to eat and pay rent and sometimes I dont. I've been applying to second jobs for ages but even target wont re hire me and I dont know why.
I'm feeling unloved by friends and have moved away from most of them anyways. I will try to make plans but I feel like the effort is so one sided. I'm having a hard time keeping new friends and dont enjoy being around people much anyway. Friends I do spend time with seem to be getting bored of me and will ignore me most of the time. When I get lonely during the day, I'll normally have to contact about 7 people before one replies at all- and even then, they're usually not willing to talk. I have reached out to friends about being suicidal and they just reply with a frowny face or will blatantly ignore me (I can see read receipts or see them posting/chatting elsewhere).
Romantically I dated 3 guys in a row who assaulted me and then had a guy tell me that after sex he decided I was only fuckbuddy, not girlfriend material. During this period I was assaulted in my own home more than once by different men and had to move to feel safe again.
I've chosen to drop out of school because I hated it and hated my major. I was succeeding just fine but i hated all of my work. I already dont enjoy life and I didnt want to keep paying for a degree that would get me a job that I dread going to every day.
Honestly I just feel hopeless. I thought my goals were realistic- I wanted a teeny apartment, a dog, a car. I used to want a partner but I've given up on that after men have assaulted me or laughed in my face because I've denied sex. I dont think everyone is bad I just am not willing to risk more bad experiences. All I want now is a space where I feel like I can pee, eat, and shower at leisure but i dont even have that. Money is already stretched tight so i definitely dont have enough funds to move out into a place of my own. I would love to do that but they will not let me sublet my lease even if I do get the funds to move out separately.
I have no idea where my career is going. I was rejected for a very simple job again and it just felt like the last straw. I want to be happy but I also feel like being unhappy is unattainable at this point even with a job. I feel like the future I want is reasonable but unreachable. I feel like people are always going to treat me this way.
I've been seeing a free emergency psychiatrist for months and they keep letting me come back for free because I'm just constantly suicidal. I think my longest record of no suicidal thoughts has been 12 hours. Normally I have multiple in one hour.
I dont know if I really want to die or if I just want to escape the hardship I'm facing because it seems like it wont ever end/wont ever lead to a worthwhile future. I know I could have it so much worse. I know I could be successful...but I want to be HAPPY. I've worked a lot on changing my mindset and am happier than I was but I'm still so sad and I still want to die. Meds and people aren't helping. My faith in humanity is lost. I'm broke, hungry, and cant find a job. I just need words of encouragement to know that I'm not crazy and that I'm going to be able to live a life that I dont dread every fucking day.
If you read this far...thanks.


Just wanna end this
Fell in love with a trans woman from the Philippines, long story short mom found out i was trying to get help for her srs surgery talkes her usual shit talkes shit about her, what's a good way to end this? I've researched, went to Walmart  and looked at rope, just wanna go everything is falling apart


advice on dosage
before i start, im not in any current danger of killing myself right now, so dont panic.
im just curious as to if i overdose with 1200mg fluvoxamine, would it kill me?


23/m and Life really didn't turn out the way I thought it would.
Its strange going from a kid with overwhelming vigor,passion to a dude who wakes up, does what he is asked to do and then goes to sleep.
I've almost stopped feeling anything anymore, maybe anger sometimes but I fail to remember when I felt happy.  Mom put her expectation, love and care on me and I grew up to be this failure who just sits in his room and shits his pants at the thought of talking to someone.
All of this failure, all of it has grinded me to dust and I can't build myself back up.
I'd gladly die if mom loved me a little less, I don't want her to cry. I have no one in life except her and I don't want to see her cry.
I'm drained, I'm tired. Fucking hell the world is so empty and lonely.


My Psych Doesn't Take me Seriously
I've seen three different psychs and none of them think I'm a threat to myself. I tell them everything. I self harm, spend all my time on pro suicide sites consumed in my every waking hour by suicide, I actively look for places in my neighbourhood to die and do a lot of research, I know I wont be alive much longer, no-one knows the full extent of it/understands etc; and not a single one is worried.
I broke down into hysterical tears telling my last psych I had plans to die and she ushered me out her office and said, "Good luck."
My current psych insisted he can't see me till next Friday, even tho I told him I wont make it over the phone and sounded really upset.
No one gives a fuck.
Not even my own Mum understands and gets mad/doesn't know what to say when it gets really bad.
Suicide will be a relief. To me, it is not a selfish act. Everyone has failed me. It's not as easy as just seeing a psych.


My regrets.
Things I already regret and things I will never accomplish.
I regret that I won't be able to see the end of my manga series like One Piece or AOT.
I regret that I will never finish to learn Japanese.
I regret that I will never be able to fulfill my biggest dream, that being to go live in Japan.
I regret not being able to change as a person, to be a better person.
I regret not having told you.. about how I feel
I regret not being able to finish school.
I regret not being able to get a stable income.
I regret being a burden for you during all this time.
I regret making you cry because I'm unable to help you.
I regret making you doubt me because I cannot show a lot of affection.
I regret not being able to give you a birthday present, I wouldn't be able anyways..
I regret showing almost never showing my true emotion. Most of the time I simply feel nothing.
I regret making you fall in love with me, go through all those ups and downs and now let you all alone. And I'm sorry for that.
I regret having committed suicide.


27 club
I don’t think I’m going to turn 28. Birthdays in a couple weeks. Don’t want to be there lol 😝 I’m ready for bed. 😴 😴 😴


My life is ruined
Even though it might not be a big thing,
I messed up badly!!
I write my feelings down on my computer and I accidentally left it open and my sister walked in to do something and she saw my screen with the text on it. Now she is asking me who the person I talk to is (my online councilor).
What should I do!?!?!
I messed up soooo badly.
I don’t feel like being here anymore.


online friend is seriously considering suicide, and I don't know how to help
there's this girl who I met through a discord server that has been dealing with depression for a while (she's currently on antidepressants, but she doesn't feel that they're working for her and when she brought it up to her parents, they just said they're not working bc she isn't trying hard enough or something), and she's recently been talking a lot about committing suicide. she's mainly been saying that it's because "she'll never be happy" and "she's just a burden on everyone". I and several other people from the server have been trying to explain to her why that's not true, but it feels like she isn't really listening. is there anything else that I or anyone else from the server could do to help her?


everything just feels so heavy
i isolated myself away from my irl friends when i was 17, i’m 21 now and haven’t had a real life friendship/relationship since then, life was hard but I always had my online friends to turn to, but now I have no one.
I find it weird that my life felt better when i was overweight and unemployed, by society’s standards i should’ve felt worse about myself, but I don’t think i’ve ever felt worse now. Once I got a job my eating disorder flared back up and i feel like my depression just feeds (lol) off of it making everything just so much worse.
My manager asked me what my hobbies were the other day, I had nothing to say it was humiliating. Everything that I once enjoyed just seems mundane to me. Vinyl collecting, painting, video games, stuff that used to make me happy and make me who i am is just gone, i feel like a shell, like i’m watching myself just exist and i want out. I don’t enjoy my job much, I have no friends to turn to, I have no motivation to go to university, what’s the point in living if this is all there is, everything just seems so hopeless.
My dog died tonight unexpectedly and I don’t want my mom to lose 2 kids so i’m trying to hold on but it’s just so hard and i feel like it gets harder everyday.


Failed 20 years ago, about to give it another try
I was depressed 20 years ago, OD'd and was found by my roommate, 20 years later and I live alone, have more effective means and while not depressed, I just dont care anymore.  I was sad then, Im numb now and nothing has changed other than the fact that I could die and nobody will look for me until I bills stop getting paid (how fucked is that?)  Not looking for help, just writing it down for people to see that it doesnt always get better and sometimes is gets worse.


I’m gonna kill myself
I just can’t b happy, I smile then I break down. I miss my dad, I want to be happy. I want god. I’m not good.


Brandmarked for Life: Feeling like dying
I just need to talk to someone. I'm alone in my student apartment and I'm feeling so hopeless, like it would be better to die. I feel like they want that, too, for people to die. I've lived in America and Germany for decades at a time, and all I see are giant clockwork machines sifting out all life not 'economically viable' in the belief system of our new radical money-religion. Sometimes, it feels like I'm not sick; the world's concept of 'normal' is sick.
I had psychosis in Germany and ended up changing citizenships, renouncing my birthright citizenship due to delusions about my mother tongue contaminating my mind, believing both governments were using it against me as a psyops weapon. Now I'm 30 and enrolled back in my home country as a 'foreign student.' I was hospitalized here back in Jan. 2019, diagnosed and medicated. Being foreign at home has only added to any sense of dissociation I already had. I'm so disconnected from myself.
I have a lawyer preparing to ask for my citizenship back, but honestly, I'm so terrified to go through with it. I'm in the US and I think it's much more brutal here health-care wise for someone like me. In the country of my current citizenship, Germany, there is better care, housing and insurance for people like me if they fall from the grid. But I'd be alone there. And that system is brutal in its own ways: I can't find testing accommodations at any universities there, and the general customer service attitude sucks to the degree that emails and inquiries are flatout ignored.
I was hoping to find a way to maintain access to that system over there, but still be back home, so I had my mom file for a Greencard. But it won't be ready in about 5 years. And now I'm realizing they could deny it because of my diagnosis when they do the medical exam. They might see me as a 'public charge risk' or a danger, although I have no police record and was never violent to anyone, not even myself. After so much waiting and hoping, that would kill my mom's soul. And I would be beside myself.
I'm holding a 4.0 GPA in my physics program and I've been asked by a prof to hold a little presentation on lasers and optics at a conference in Washington DC, so there  are good things happening there, but honestly, I'm terrified that this all won't work out after suffering so much grief, working so hard and hoping and hoping for years.
I'm trying to make sure my environment understands that I'm smart, valuable and totally not dangerous, but the pressure is so exhausting. My psychiatrist says the diagnosis might be wrong and need adjustment but even then, there is this 'blemish' I'll never get rid of. It could cost me the Green Card and all those years of time with my aging mother and my stepdad, who has been a father to me after my biological father killed himself. (Witnessing his first attempt in the bathroom is what triggered my chain of crises in the first place)
I'm not even religious, but please pray for me. I'm so fucking scared of the disappointment and failure that's possible at this level....I don't think I could handle it.


NGL writing suicide notes does make me feel a bit lighter
But certainly resentful that I had to do that to be able to get out of bed in the morning. It also helps me find and critique the excuses I’m making to let myself off the hook for hurting and harming people who’ve been kind to me. I know firsthand exactly how destructive suicide bereavement is and I’m disgusted I’d subject others to it out of my weakness and laziness to keep fighting and beating the pain.


10 minutes
I have to be at the bus stop in 10 minutes. I don’t know if I’m going to make it. All of my friends have abandoned me, my boyfriend of almost 5 months left me last night because he’s gay, I’m a failure. My school work is trash and I never wanna go to school. My room always gets beyond messy, me and my body are absolutely disgusting, I’m ready to go. I’m absolutely miserable. I’m tired of hating myself this much only at 14. I need to go. I need to. I can’t be repaired.


Overdose Attemp
I tried to kill myself with methyphenidate overdose. I am not happy any more I no more care about my future or so. Any reasons to live for


i feel so defective
i incite so much hatred and contempt in people just by existing. i have nobody to confide in about anything and no one to trust. i’m so traumatized that i’m scared i’ll just isolate myself like this forever with no end in sight
i’m sick of trying to convince myself i’m worthy of pity, let alone real affection or compassion
all i can think about is how much of a relief it will be to die. i want to feel the world around me grow cold and dark and then become nothing


I wish I was making this up
Yesterday I tried my best for maybe the 50th time in my life to be as honest about what I’ve been going through with my mom. As usual i got the usual bible-thumping, praying, and what-I’d-like-to-hear response. Even though her response was the same as it is with any other problem I’ve encountered I think she finally understood a little bit more of what was going on. I don’t think it comes from me repeating myself trying to get her to understand but the progression of the emptiness I feel.
With all of that being said, today my mother told me she knows how Kobe Bryant’s mother feels. I thought it odd at first why she would say that. Yes she’s a mother but none of her children have died. Then she told me that I shouldn’t give up or feel so hopeless. I would’ve thought that this comment would have been significant enough to be a wake up call before. Honestly, i found it a bit humorous because I’m not surprised she would feel that way, I’ve felt dead for several months.
On a final and different note, as a person who used to have a burning passion for basketball growing up I feel terrible about the death of Kobe Bryant. Being one of the most memorable figures and inspirations of my childhood I hope his family is doing well.  I’m sure it’s not helpful to think that someone who had such a fire for life has it cut short when someone like me must continue to stain the earth.


I just want someone to tell me that everything is alright
I just wish I had someone there for me


I don't want to feel anything anymore
I've been struggling with feelings of shame over the months and whenever my parents talk to me or my friends talk to me I'm reminded of it, Im ashamed of my poor performance in my first semester of college, I don't think I can do better and I'll just be a leach on my parents being a financial and emotional burden. Whenever my parents talk to me they always ask where I'm going and what I'm doing and even when I come up with a plan and feel slightly motivated and optimistic of it they talk to me about it and kill my hope and leave me in pain thinking I'll go nowhere. I'm ashamed of my body, I'm a mtf transwoman and I can't express my sexuality as I feel that I'm just an abomination and nobody will want to be with me bc I still have a penis, I look at my hips and see that I don't have a feminine figure and feel horrible, I seclude myself to my room and try to escape on my computer, but if I talk to people I generally get called a dude bc my voice doesn't really pass even though I've been trying to make it sound more feminine, I just want to disappear, at my job I constantly think of just sinking into the floor and now I've started contemplating on whether I should just take a bunch of painkillers and alc or try to get my hands on a gun somehow. The only thing holding me back from suicide rn is the fact that I'd be hurting those who know me.


I hurt so much. The time has come. It ends now.
I failed at life. I gave it my best and failed miserably.
My career has been an unmitigated disaster. My body is broken and I'm sick and in pain all the time. I've failed at love every time, and now it's too late because no one wants an old man who is too pathetic to earn a good enough living and doesn't really have any good qualities anyway.
It's not like I would want to be in a relationship with any of the women I meet anyway. I've been unhappier in every relationship in my life than when I was single. I don't have a single friend in life. I dislike my co-workers, but they are my only human contact. I don't enjoy anything anymore. The things I used to care about, I hate now.
I'm just tired and sick all the time. I'm stuck in a place I hate. I have no money. I'm in debt farther than I can ever pay off.
People have told me all my life that "things will get better, you just wait". Guess what? Things have gotten worse. Sometimes one particular thing will get better, but five more things will get worse. If you haven't already gained a lot of momentum towards a good life, it just won't happen.
There's nothing in life to look forward to. The only thing I want is to be a good father, a trusted friend, a dependable worker, but people will never respect that.
I've thought long and hard, and there's no reason to keep living.
Everyday is just pain and misery. Over and over and over and over and over. Every single day. My heart hurts. I am in pain and have caused pain. This is ends now. I hurt for the last time.
What is the point of fighting to keep experiencing that just because people say inane shit like "it will get better, I promise".
If you had told me 20 years ago exactly what my life would be for the next 20 years, I would have opted out. It wasn't worth it.
I'm not going to wait another 20 years just to die slowly of some disease just because some naive people say "it will get better."
In my experience, it just gets worse.
The time has come to TAKE ACTION.
The pain stops now.


Help for my girlfriend
My girlfriend is extremely suicidal.  She was recently forced to move away from home because her family was moving and she hates where she is now.  She also has a few serious medical issues which her family do not take seriously.  There are daily comments from her mother about how she's "always sick" or "being an inconvenience to the family" because they can't get taco Bell for dinner.  Her sister has forced her to eat dairy which she can't have because her sister wanted a companion to get ice cream with.
She also has PTSD from past traumatic experiences involving her father who verbally emotionally and physically abused her as a young child.  She also has been sexually assaulted by her ex's and watched her best friend take his own life by jumping of of a bridge when she was 12 years old because he was in love with her and she didn't feel the same way.
Yesterday she actually wrote a suicide note and took a few bottles of pills lucky she didn't know what she was doing and took melatonin and not actual sleeping pills but this was still way too close to losing her.  I try so hard to be there for her but I can't be physically there with her because she moved.  I guess I'm just asking for some advice on how to help her.  She wants to go the therapy but her mother won't let her.  Her major supports are from her brother, who is also extremely suicidal and honestly they seem to make each others depression worse by constantly talking about suicide and making suicide pacts with each other.
Honestly I feel lost and I don't want to lose her.  If you think I should post this somewhere else feel free to tell me but I just want some help.


Just wanna see
What happens if I take all my klonopin and drink a 5th... 🤷‍♀️


I'm Too Much of a Coward
Ii'll be 30 in April. I moved across the country to California with the blessings of my parents. I'm living with my boyfriend in a terrible city, in a small one bedroom apartment. I was okay or a time because I had saved up money so I didn't have to work. The money is running out so I got a job. I wont go into details about the job, but it's working in a warehouse on computers and other devices to configure them. I didn't know the schedule hours would be so long, it's usually 6 days a week, and sometimes 7. Days are sometimes 9 to 5, usually 9 to 7 because there are big and important deadlines. I get along with my coworkers okay, but the time lost and my loss of self by the end drives me nuts. I am usually a happy, well-meaning, supportive, loving person who only wants the best for everyone.
Now I can't sleep, I can't eat, I can't switch off from work, I can't love my boyfriend like I usually do. I feel like I'm under attack and people keep telling me it'll be okay or I'll get used to it. But it never gets better it's only getting more and more unmanageable. I try to sleep, I try to eat, but my nerves are so shot. I feel like I'm becoming a monster, I can't be the happy healthy me anymore. So why go on?
But I'm too much of a coward. I love my friends and family, I love my boyfriend... but if I cannot even be me anymore I don't see the point. If I can't be happy and make others happy I see no point in life. I don't believe in any religion, I always believed the point was to be good to people. Now though, I have no patience for it, I'm not strong enough.
Then I get thinking how I have only had this job a week. Imagine a lifetime of this? Imagine another 30 or 40 years at least? I can't fathom it. I cannot even begin to accept it as something I could overcome. I want to not live but I am too scared to end myself so I'm just trapped to watch myself change into this abomination of stress and self doubt.
There's no way around not working. You just have to do it. My boyfriend says to think of something that would make me feel fulfilled or at least something I could do. I'm drawing a blank though on anything that's not an artistic (and therefore, you have to be really good or end up broke anyway) job.
I'll never retire and I'll never be happy as far as I can see. I go to work from 9 to 7 in about 40 minutes and part of me wants to drive my car off a bridge on the way there. I'm not going to of course but... it's fun to fantasize not having to be tied down to this hell.


I talked to my counselor
Back in 2013, I first attempted suicide. I was in the hospital for a few days and then a psych ward. I was only 8, but I had my stomach pumped for downing a bottle of medicine. I was being beaten to the point I couldnt walk. I lived with my bullies, if I wasn't being beaten by my cousins, it was my parents. If it wasn't them, it was my classmates. I couldn't tell anyone. I couldn't even tell anyone when I was r*ped. From 2013-2018 I self-harmed.. alot. Whenever I felt down, or whenever I thought I did something wrong, I'd cut or burn or pinch. 2016 was also the year my best friends died. Either the car crash I was in or by suicide. I was alone with my thoughts. My classmates, my friends, the only people who gave a damn about me, were dead. All of my birthdays were spent alone. No one ever showed up. Not even my relatives showed up. My thirteenth birthday rolled around and my mom set up this giant party, I invited everyone I knew. Not a damn fucker showed up. I was crushed, I sat in my room crying most of the night, I cut a bit too deep and now have a permanent reminder. Today I broke down in the counselors office, I showed her all of the cuts I made in the past and present. I showed her the suicide notes I'd been workin on. I showed her the bruises from my mom and dad. Im not sure what's going to happen. But I feel better.


I think I'm going to set a date
Lived in this shit third world country for too long, my education is shit and my life is horrible here. My plans to immigrate asap failed and I can't make it to 2021 like this. I think I'll set a date for the end of the year. I'm done. Nobody gives a fuck (and please don't come at me with that 'sure I do! I care! Your abusive asf family that idk anything about cares!!!!!!') and I'll be one less worthless human. I'm not going to accomplish anything here, so I am just going to end it all. I wish I could do it soon, but I want to give myself a chance to try again to immigrate. If I can't, I'll end my life.


I have a few dates that I think i will aim for this year.
I was left suddenly on Friday the 13th December, so my dates are Thursday 13th Feb, Friday 13 th March, 14th October which would have been our anniversary, Friday 13th November, or the 21st November, which is his birthday.
I suspect I won't get as far as his birthday. Every day is getting harder and harder.
I have a plan already thanks to an unsolicited dm after posting on here. It's better than my old plan and would be harder to back out of.
I want to work out who should find me though.


I'm so sick of life.
this might be a bit of a long one, so brace yourselves. sorry for any inconvenience.
i have severe trust issues, bullying issues, and daddy issues, for lack of a better term. ill start with all the trust stuff first.
last year, i became friends with a 22 year old online (im 15), and that friendship grew into what i thought was love. turns out, i had been getting groomed to feel that way. i wish i could forget about him but i see his face everywhere i look, and i hate to say it, but i miss him. Alongside that, my entire friendship group left me for some other group for god knows what reason, and I trusted those people with my life. for them to throw away that relationship was incredibly heart-breaking, and led me to stop trusting them. alongside both of those things, my parents have openly stated they don't trust me, and also have expectations of me that are too high for anybody with my experience and work ethic to manage. when i meet or surpass their expectations, i get nothing out of it except for my parents raising their expectations once again. if i am below the level of what is expected of me, i am yelled at. it's tiring, not being able to trust anybody, it really is.
now for the daddy issues part.
when i was born, my parents seem to have made the unanimous decision to not parent me, and instead just make sure i was alive and somewhat healthy so i can suffer through life. my dad makes the excuse that he never has time to parent me, but when he isn't working, he plays video games for 6 hours+ on end rather than being a father. it's been like that my whole life, and has lead to me finding masculine people with some authority, and my brain saying "that's your dad now".
recently my brain has been doing this to a teacher, and i very much want my brain to shut up, because that's weird. but alas, i cannot control what my brain thinks, so i continue idolising this poor man who has a minimum wage job.
that whole thing has lead to extreme jealousy issues that i get, such as when a teacher compliments a peer's work and when i do better work than said peer, my success goes unacknowledged. i also get super jealous when i see a peer talking to people without trying as hard as i do to please everyone, and the people always like everyone except me.
the bullying issues are as follows.
every day without fail, i am bullied because i am gay. i get called the f slur multiple times a day and feel disgusting because of it, and i hate the fact that i am gay because of it.
all this shit together leads to my current issue at hand.
i am terribly lonely, i have nobody to text, nobody to call, nobody to go shopping with, nobody to do anything with. i genuinely believe that if i die, it will take weeks for anybody to notice. i feel like im stuck in a loop of crying myself to sleep, waking up, going to school, getting bullied, feeling jealous, idolising teachers, getting back from school, and crying.
i want to end my life, i am sick of the pain and misery i face every day.
thanks if you read this.


Can I go home?
I'm tired. Just like every other post here, my thoughts are a mess..
I'm exhausted, and I'm in pain, physically, mentally, spiritually, emotionally.. Tonight I tried self harming again.. The blade on the knife was too dull to cut through my skin, but that's fine.. I have other means.. I have pills.. But I'm afraid that it won't work..
The past few years have been.. Heavy.. The past year alone, my mom has been hooked on drugs, and I had to sit through it all and watch her do it.. She's probably doing it now too.. She's not here.. My grandma is asleep downstairs, and I have my two pets beside me.. My cat, and my dog..
The only thing I don't have with me, is my will to live.. I almost didn't graduate due to my own laziness.. I can't go to college.. I'm obese, and-- I think I'm selfish.. I'm always needing constant reassurance from my friends because I can't emotionally provide for myself.. And in turn, I become a bad person.. I take, but I can't give.. But I wish I could..
I feel numb tonight.. I don't feel happy.. I don't feel sad.. I just feel numb..
Sometimes when I look up at the stars, I feel myself longing for them, because my home doesn't feel like it's here.. I believe in some sort of afterlife, and then some.. I want to go home, back to my creator..
Should I try to go home tonight, would the pills work?.. I have three variations of pain medicine, each of them are, 200 mg, 250 mg, and 500mg.. I'm afraid that if I take them, I'll wake up tomorrow.. I don't want to wake up tomorrow.. I want to go home..
It's also cold tonight.. I think if I slept out on my balcony after I take the pills, I think I can do it.. I just.. Don't want to be wrong, for once.. I want this to go right.. I want to go home.. But this place isn't home..


Suicidal Insomniac
Hi, I’m Ace. A 14yr old closeted asexual. I don’t really have anywhere else at all to go back this. I often keep myself awake at night thinking about what was my reason for being here. How I want to die and be gone but I’m too scared to do anything because death involves pain and some days I realize how much worse things would be if I did it. Some days I find reasons to stay, others like tonight just make me want to end everything. I have nobody. I’m starving. I’m tired. I am nobody. I’m just a worthless wanna be musician and shit artist. I don’t feel good and I want to cry. My body aches right now. It’s probably because I refuse to sleep long at all. I hate this. I just want to leave but at the same time, I have a few things to look forward to that I enjoy. But the problem is that I’ve been used to being left alone for so long that it’s hurting me. To only talk to myself all the time until they becomes unbearable. To sit against a wall and watches others have a good time while I cry, wondering why I can’t have what they have. I think a lot my reason for wanting to kill myself is jealousy and anger. I want a relationship. I want a friend to be with me. I don’t want to be lonely. I want what they have. This is torturous. Constant heart and headaches and sadness all day long...starting high school is one thing I look forward to though. Maybe I’ll find new friends?


Finally going to do it tonight
Life has pushing me to the wall for far too long. I've attempted suicide multiple in the last 5 years but have failed every time because I pussyed out in the end. Today I've reached a point where there is no way I can continue living. I simply do not have it in me to wake up tomorrow and face another day. I've hardened myself enough to not give a fuck about my parents' tears when they find out. They've had everything in their life that I'll never have. Why should I care? Wish me luck guys hope the grass is greener on the other side😊


i’m better but i can’t stop thinking about it, why?
i’ve been better for a little while, i’m doing things again and i have energy but man do i still have the thoughts
it’s not that bad, like when i think really hard into it i don’t know if i want to die, whereas at most other times it was obvious that it was the better option, i just kept  myself from it
i still need to do that, i know for a goddamn fact i can’t let go but then why am i still thinking like this? i don’t want it, i don’t need it, i don’t understand it. i just wanna forget it’s an option but i don’t know how to, has anyone here actually stopped being suicidal and how do you do that?


I want it to be loud, messy, and for them to have a front row seat.
I’ve been having a recurring dream lately about the first person I told about my sickness. She betrayed me when I needed her most and presumed arrogance that she was helping me by doing so. In this dream I’m arguing with her about why she lied to me before I pull out a gun and splatter my grey matter all over the place. I know it would traumatize her, and I find myself torn between wanting that and not, because she really does mean well, And I don’t want to hurt her. But if I did go that way she would learn that choices have consequences, and maybe she wouldn’t make the same choice again?
Of course, the discussion is fairly moot as I don’t have access to a firearm and it’s unlikely I can get access anytime soon.


I don’t know what to do...
I’m 16, roughly 5’10 in height, I weigh almost 250 pounds and I struggle on a daily basis with severe anxiety, depression and I am on the autistic spectrum. I feel like my life is going nowhere. I’ve been exercising 20 minutes or so a day for the past couple of weeks and I’ve managed to gain weight because I’m such a fat ct, I had to leave school at 12 because I was being bullied so have no qualifications or GCSEs of any kind, all I do is sit on my ass and watch films all day and even when I do go out of the house, the only place I go is the cinema...to sit on my ass and watch a film! I hate myself and feel like my life will go nowhere and I sometimes believe that maybe I’m just better off not living the rest of my life and ending it now to prevent myself from dying in my 20s because I was too stupid to realise how fked my health was.
I’m desperate. Please don’t tell me to talk to my parents because they don’t fully understand me. I just want to feel wanted and have a purpose.


I feel like i’m not supposed to be here anymore
So, I made a throwaway account because I don’t want anybody to know that I’m feeling like this.
Every day I look around and watch life happening around me. I constantly wonder why I don’t feel excited, scared, motivated, and especially happy. I feel like I’m just floating through each day trying to find some reason to hang on, and I’m all out of reasons. I’m such a fucking loser. I work minimal hours in a restaurant because I can’t find the effort to find a better job, I don’t care about myself anymore. I smoke weed way too much because it numbs some of the pain for a little while. The only reason I haven’t done it yet is because I’ve got a sister who’s in middle school. I don’t want to make her sad or fuck up her 8th grade year. She’s a great girl and she deserves to have a sibling that can function and live a normal life. I can’t give that to her. But here’s the thing; I feel like her, my family, my friends, would be so much better off without me. I feel like such a waste of resources, time, money, and life. I’m not good at anything. I don’t want a career. I don’t want to eat the foods O used to love. I don’t want to go anywhere. I don’t want to get out of bed. I don’t want to fall in love. I don’t want to do anything except finally be done. Being dead sounds like a breath of fresh air, right now I feel like I’m drowning. I don’t even want to help myself anymore, I don’t think that I’m worth it. I’ve never wanted anything more in my life than to just kill myself and I feel that it is my fate, no matter how hard i work. I’m going to die soon and I’m finally okay with it. I feel very detached from the world and I feel like I have never and will never belong anywhere. I was a mistake and I am so sorry to everybody who has had to interact with my disgusting, worthless piece of shit self. I just can’t do it anymore, every day hurts and every day I despise myself more and more. I can’t anymore. I don’t see any other option at this point. I really need to do this.


I'm going to end my life this Weekend
I've tried to hang myself, tried sleeping pills but nothing worked. I'm going to throw myself under a train.


I dont understand
Today I ate 100 bitter apricots seeds in 10 mins. Day before that 50. 2 days ago 30. Yes I do feel weird but that’s it. Everywhere I’ve seen a lot less dosages are fatal. And yes it states bitter in bag and don’t eat much much blah blah blah. You could tell me it’s not worth it, don’t do it. Save the advice. There’s not future for me anymore. I just don’t know how long the Amygdalin takes to digest into cyanide. 4 hours ago I ate them but nothing.... to clarify I work out that 80 would be lethal to my height weight .... figured you should just know clearly the fucking seeds w/e i have ricin seeds  cyanide seems less painful


thoughts 6:08 a.m.
I don’t really have anything else that I want to do.. I don’t want to go to bed, but I don’t want to be awake.. I don’t really want to wake up tomorrow either..
Write a suicide note, but the note is you speaking to yourself as the gun is pointed to your head, the thoughts going through your head, the barrel against your temple.
I sometimes think about ending my life by jumping in front of a bus or jumping off a building. It would be a nuisance to the public, but at least people would know I attempted, and luckily, ended my own life. If I ended my own life in private, I don’t think anyone, like my “friends” or bf, would know about it. They’d most likely think I just disappeared under certain circumstances and ended all communication with them, then eventually move on..
I don’t want to kill myself while me and my bf are still together, I think that’s selfish. I would rather break up with him first. I also don’t want to leave my dog behind...
There’s so many repressed memories from childhood. I want to leave this world with no regrets and no unfinished business, but that’s simply not possible.


Nothing to live for
I wouldn’t usually do something like this but I don’t know what else to do, I’m 18 and go to college. I’ve recently broke up with my girlfriend of nearly 2 years, she’s the person I thought I’d spend the rest of my life with and I still love her but the feelings aren’t shared, it feels she’s completely forgot about me in the space of a month which I think is hard to deal with, I’ve lost people who were important to me over last year, I don’t exactly have any plans for life, I feel like I’m just living for the purpose of living and it’s getting extremely hard to find the motivation to even get out of bed now. I don’t really have anyone to speak to. It’s getting to the point where I’m starting to feel nothing besides being in pain and being upset 24/7, I thought maybe if I put it out I might feel better than keeping it in.


Last attempt
I don't want to be selfish. I don't want my parents to be sad. So I called the suicide hotline, no one answered. I texted the hope hotline, no reply. I can't do this anymore. I'm always alone. I'm tired of pretending it's going to be okay because it won't. It doesn't get better. It just gets worse. I did what I could.


Six months later.
Saw the community and wanted to make an account for it. First time on Reddit- but I thought it was a good idea to let this all off my chest. We'll see if the ale beats me to it tonight.
For context. I was dateless in Highschool. Graduated 2017. Now being 21 and my final semester of Trade school. I guess you can say I am proud of that. A lot happened between the two.
- I reconnected with old gaming/texting buddies from Middle school / early Highschool.
- I instantly fell in love with this girl who I thought was amazing. We would laugh at everything together. She reciprocated feelings. We started a relationship.
- Blah blah lovey dovey. She was a state away. OP should try his best to make it all work. I enjoyed every minute I could get with her and my friend group. A good year later. (I know.. a long time right?) It slowly fell apart. She started hanging out with a friend who had a crush on her a 'long time ago'. Yeah. That's cool. But- she spent most of her days with him. Leaving me out there.
I got terribly jealous (is that o.k.?) I guess I didn't express my feelings enough. But needless to say we took a break. Easy enough. Well , a week later she wanted to meet up like we initially planned. Sure. Anything to fix what we have.
I drive to her state. Half a day. Easy.
4 hours into settling down at her place. She breaks up with me. Hahah. What? Speechless- away from home. Unaware of the city around me. What could I do? I picked a corner and sobbed away. She couldn't even face me. Until I could leave. Heart broken and Confused. I drive home. Friends and Family pick up on my depressive state. Work was hard. But I pushed through.
I began to fail my classes. Caused me to pull a massive loan to retake em'
I'm exhausted, poor, drinking every night- hell I got a can in the hand... I'm wanting to leave all of this behind. This small town. This depressive state of being alone.
Yes. I tried to re-date. Cute. Funny girl. She was being paid to be some neckbeards girlfriend. And chose to stay with him- money pays. I am stunned. I've been keeping my Handgun close to my head. The smallest of inconvenience kills me. Hell it's taken a major toll on my friends. I am not the happy Senior who would do anything. I work school drink sleep repeat. It never ends. And have been left behind to a dark, dank, cold room
This may be small and I can't really express everything in my head correctly? Thanks alcohol? Maybe it isn't.. I just don't know.
Suggestions are welcome.


Please take the time to read this
I know many of you come on to this subreddit feeling hopeless and lost. It is a completely valid feeling for one to have when nothing else in their life is going right. I just recently made an account and I’m not really sure if this is the right subreddit to post this on but I think it might help a little to share my story with others who are struggling. My heart feels broken for all of the people coming on to this subreddit feeling hopeless and lost. I know the feeling better than anyone and I hate to see others have to take on the same pain. A little over a year ago my best friend killed herself while I was asleep. I could have done something. If I stayed awake with her that night she would be alive. If I stayed with her by her side maybe she wouldn’t be gone. I told myself these things for too long. I come on to this subreddit and tell myself the exact same things. Please, please, think of the people like me in your life who look forward to seeing you every single day. Your mom, your brother your dog. Every single day is difficult without her. I have had my fair share of depression and suicidal thoughts. I understand that when you are in that mind state you are only thinking of yourself. That there’s a fog around your brain preventing you from seeing the logical. That is what scares me, so many fall victim to it. Please never forget. Suicide does not solve your problems, it passes it on to others.
I love you all.
Thank you for reading.


Why am I even still trying to be alive
Why am I even here? What's the fucking point?
I'm not asking anyone to read any of this or even comment anything. I'm sorry anyway. I don't even know why I'm doing this.
I've been depressed for so long. Only this year did I get help. Couldn't open up to the doctor about constant suicidal feelings and urges to self harm so they prescribed me prozac 20mg. After being this close to killing myself they raised the dose to prozac 40mg. They can't prescribe different meds until I try the higher dose. The meds don't fucking work.
I have been so fucking lonely for so long. I am in constant fear of being abandoned. I crave genuine connections but why tf would anyone want to form one with me. I am always scared people I care for will leave me. I am so touch starved. This girl seemed interested in me and texted me first, which has never happened ever. I was thinking about her constantly and already thinking about laying down my life for this person. I almost immediately descended into a deeper spiral of depression, constant urge to self harm. I just want to dig a fucking blade in me and let the blood run out. I realised I don't have actual feelings for this person, I just wanted someone to temporarily get rid of my loneliness. I dont have feelings at all. There's literally nothing inside me except misery.
I can't see myself making it through this year. Or this month. I wish I lived in the USA so I could get a gun and blow my fucking brains out. I wish I never wake up so I don't have to deal with tomorrow and endure this messed up life
I have let everyone down. I wasted potential.
I feel like an attention grabbing selfish fuck. I was never abused as a child. I have been very lucky in many ways. And yet I am constantly wishing I have a heart attack or aneurysm and just drop dead. How can i say I feel like this when people have lived incredibly difficult lives? I am deceiving my "friends" by hiding my depression behind a stupid fake personality. I don't even know what my acual personality is as I've been depressed for so long it is just me.
No energy. Just lying on the floor and crying uncontrollably. Or sitting around feeling nothing. It would be so much better if I was dead. I keep thinking if I'm gonna kill myself, I'll kill myself tonight. But it never happens, im such a coward. There is no way out, i ruined my chances and I'll spend the rest of my life working minimum wage because i cant study.
I've been self harming for years and have had suicidal thoughts since the age of 9/10. I just wish I wasn't born. Someone please just come and shoot me. I can't make it to tomorrow. I don't want to even try. That makes me sound like such a stupid pussy
why am i even bothering to write this
If I don't kill myself sometime this year I will definitely do it as soon as my mum dies
Why am I alive
I have nothing to offer people. I'm boring and socially anxious and I have nothing interesting to add. Just a fucking creep. People will be glad when I'm gone. I'm not going to try anymore as I don't think I'll be around much longer. Whats the point


I feel subhuman
What's hanging oneself like? What's felt during? How does the whole process go about? Can anyone tell their story?
someone i love is killing themselves
He's as close to me as a brother. I've known him since he was born and I was a little kid. He just got out of hospital after a suicide attempt. He really plans to kill himself after he is done saying his last words to everyone.
I don't want to live, but I especially don't want to live when he is dead.
I can't take the world. It hurts.
And my recent ex says that me talking to him makes him want to kill himself. I can give him space after a break up but jesus fucking christ... I don't even know if he's telling the truth. He told me this when I was in hospital for my problems.
I'm trying to live but it would be so easy to die. I want to hang myself right now. I could do it.


I want to recommend a book
Today I finished a book it's called Veronica decides to die by Paulo Coelho and I think it might give you another perspective on life.


Hi
Hi. Does anyone want to talk about anything. Am not in the best head space right now and I would like someone to talk to or something. Thank you. Memes and movies are not helping anymore and I  fail to function properly.
UPDATE
Thank you all for your help and support, you guys are the best. Thank you. 😁


True clarity.
The short of it; been seeing a therapist, taking anxiety medication and for the first time the voices in my head have stopped long enough for me to see through to ending my life. It's the best decision I can make. Thinking clearly was the best thing that's happened to me in a long time. I waiting for my bg check to clear so I can facilitate my chosen method of termination.  I'm almost free.


World would be better without me
Hugely long story but the tl;dr version states basically my life has gotten shit in last 6 years. People I looking after left after treating me poorly and tried to make my life hell. Lost job for a while.
Then due to family and work and colleague pressure I tried doing stuff myself but treated everyone like shit as I could not deal and so neglected in all ways and kept yelling and complaining person I looking after and really wanted to be with him. My super neglect caused him to rightly so leave forever and not contact me ever.
I have changed so much with counselling and help and support I am a great person now and can deal with the stress associated. Got ridof of toxic too. But nothing will EVER make me forget how I treated people in that time who not deserve it. The best people. So I may as well leave the world having ensured all my possessions and house etc. Goes to the person I neglected most and deserved it all (was always the plan anyway). I dont deserve to live well and truely and the pain will never go away as he will never want to see or talk again. I cant even contact not knowing where lives or have any contact info now.
Bye world!


I am stuck in a cycle
Hi people who probably won't even read this nor care. Suicidal ideation.. that's where I'm at. I just can't seem to take the next step. Deep down I want to, but my damn anxiety overpowers EVERYTHING. So instead of feeling numb and just jumping out of a car on the high way or leaping off a bridge my mind gets flooded with what ifs and then my heart starts racing then I just have to walk away, or the little voice in my head screaming at me won't shut up. I think I died long ago, at least on the inside. My hell is to live this broken, meaningless, lonely life with a little voice that screams but that same voice pushes me. It's a vicious cycle that I am stuck alone dealing with. If I had just one person reach out then maybe it wouldn't be so bad, but everyone leaves. I am stuck alone and I just have to accept it. I'd do anything for a friend, but feelings are never mutual.


The stress is too fucking much
I’m so close to fucking doing it. I’m constantly being harassed by people and het they’re inescapable. I can’t do a fucking thing. They know what they are doing hurts and affects me. They want me out of the picture. I don’t want to live like this anymore, I want to fucking restart it all and be happy again.


I'm covered in my blood and about to have a lot more on me
I'll get to the point I've been suffering from severe depression and anxiety since I was nine, fast forward to now I'm covered in blood from my arm because I slit my wrists. I'm kind of scared because I still slightly feel like living but I don't know if I'll last much  Longer. I guess  Is kind of like a calling for help  But I don't know how you guys could help me because he don't know who I am and where I live.  Anyways if I die I guess this is good bye


Ricin seeds
Does anyone know something about ricin seeds? I know they are deadly but how do they kill you and how painful is the procces? If you don't know the answers don't waste your time with me I am way beyond the part with therapy, repair and talk. Thank you


My depression seems to have saved me?
I was up all night thinking about how I was gonna drive in to the country side and hang my self, yet I'm still here in my bed at 1 in the afternoon


The only reason I haven’t ended it is because of love
It seemes cheese but km in love with a depressed bi poler mently fucked person and I cannot help them and I myself am done with life i am
In a constant state of physical and mental pain all fay every day and I cannot hold on to whats not there but in the end i think it will be ok with this person so i just Get angrier then i was before and put the knife down


The only reason I’m alive is it’s too hard
You know I lost about everything I cared about this week, and it just sits there and really I want nothing more then to go and not wake up. I try to tell people about it but I get this how dare I feed back so there’s just no relief. I wish it wasn’t so hard to do it fast and painless. I have a hard time coping with any little small thing at this point and the thought of sitting through a wait to get a gun is sort of like this impossible feeling. So I just play out a way to tell everyone it’s not their fault in my head and wait for the opportunity where I feel I can finally go and find peace.


Fuck it
Everything is shit. Always will be.


I want to end my life so badly. i really want to die.
Suicide should be an unaliable right. It is my life, i should be able to end it if i want to. But no, people say 'dont kill yourself''its not worth it' but leave you right after. I do not matter, i really dont but of course people have to give me hope and leave me right after. I dont want to be in the hospital again but I DO NOT WANT TO LIVE i want to die, but if i try again ill be thrown in a mental institution and people will pretend to care, im sick of it. im sick of life


hey..
hey.. im not in a great place right now... please can someone cheer me up before i die


A certain persona?
I could bring the most uncomfortable vibes only because I'm controlling my bipolar behavior my anger then turns to sadness but then I'm calm again it's a cycle but we'll managed that's why I'm introverted. Have a beautiful day everyone love ya


wanting someone to notice while also not wanting anyone to know, ever
ever since my depression started years ago i feel like i’ve always had some kind of fantasy where someone will come along, see my pain and actually care. care enough to talk to me and help me. it’s like some pathetic cry for help. but yet any time someone actually does ask questions and does make some kind of effort, i completely shut down and push them away. i’ll refuse any help, deny any kind of struggle and act like everything is fine.
even in high school i’d have teachers notice my depression and go out of their way to ask me how i was. i’ll admit i really came off as the angsty emo depressed piece of shit i was, but i absolutely would never admit it and always insist i was ok. they always eventually give up, and why wouldn’t they? who the fuck am i to expect that people persist and make more effort when i’m putting in none?
i just can’t stand the thought of actually opening up to anybody even though i desperately want to. i have never handled attention well. i get embarrassed by literally everything i say or do in general. embarrassment so strong i get insane suicidal thoughts over it. i can’t imagine the kind of mess i would be if i opened up to someone.
i know it’s not worth it. i guess i’ll just keep it inside.


I don’t care anymore
I’m feeling so angry and sad about all of this. I don’t know what to do anymore. I’ve been trying to get better for so long. I wanted to get better so I could live my life with my girl, but she broke up. She helped me so much. I tried to convince myself that I could live without her but I can’t. She told me she couldn’t take care of me anymore because she needs other parts of her life to work. And I understand that, but I just wanna see her one last time. It happened so fast, she was gone in an instant.
I see no bright side of life anymore and I think I’m going to jump off a bridge tonight. This sounds so fucking disgusting. I feel disgusting. I just make others life shit and there’s no denying that anymore.


Misery club
I know it's my fault. I know all the sadness and pain and rejection I feel is the consequence I deserve and I should feel like this, but, I can't handle it anymore.
Everything was going so well, I was finally doing well in school, great friends and I was happy. So happy. In retrospect, it's like that was my final burst of happiness and I can't complain, it felt amazing, perhaps this was all supposed to happen.
I'm the family fuck up.
I know I'm a burden. Of course they love me but I know they also hate me and I deserve it. I wish things could've been different, I'm really sorry for everything. Maybe somewhere, in an alternate universe I've done everything right, I hope so. Maybe I am mentally ill, maybe I am a drug addict and maybe, possibly I can be helped but I don't want that. I'll always be the broken one in my family. No matter what I do in the future I'll never be one of them.
Everyone's perfect, or does enough good in the world to be perceived as such. I'm sad, lonely even with my many close friends. I don't particularly like my family so I don't know why I care so much but being rejected from the group of people that share the same DNA as me broke me.
I don't know. I don't care. It doesn't matter. It was a mistake mum. I'm sorry, okay?


i don’t know how much longer i can take this, please help me.
i made a post here probably around 2 weeks ago. you can go read it for more context. i didn’t go through with it because i chickened out at the last minute. but honestly, this is just a cry for help. i don’t have anyone anymore. no friends that care about me. i just hate myself so much and i wish that i didn’t sometimes. but i’m on the edge. i swear, any little thing could be the reason i just give up at this point. i need someone who can help me, please. please help me. i need someone, anyone. i don’t want to do this, but i feel like i have to. please help


No one cares
I told my online friend that I'm suicidal. Long story short he wanted me to tell my mum but I can't so he said if I give him my mum's phone number then he can do it. After awhile I get the courage to give the number to him. 3 days went bye and know reply at all. BS he hasn't been on his phone for 3 days. That was my last chance I was willing to get help. I can't believe I thought someone actually cared.


Why do I feel suicidal
I scroll through other people's post and I've seen all the horrible things life has done to them. But then I look at my life;
Parents had a very ugly divorce
Step brother would like nothing more than to shout at me
My mum is alcoholic despite what she says
I don't even deserve my own feelings, nothing has happened in my life to make me deserve them. I'm useless. I can't even feel sad when I need to.


I can’t go to the hospital as a last resort
It costs 16000$. If I admitted myself because of suicidal ideation, the finances would kill me. There’s no hope. If I’m gonna do it, I have to do it right the first time. I’m scared as hell, but the facts are there. I’m broke. I can’t afford being saved. I can’t afford being talked out of it. I just can’t.


If my life was a test by scientists
I'd be tested for the limits of suffering. It's terrible.


So many depressing things happen in my life
I do think I am one of the most unlucky person I have ever known. I was abused by my mother and molested by a middle age female neighbor when I was a child. Growing up and I only saw my father on weekends, everytime I saw him, he was drunk.  I got into gay porn addiction when I was only 9. I am gay and my family hates the gay. I am still in the "closet". At 15 I moved in with my father, he verbally and emotionally abused me. I started drinking and got addicted to alcohol. After 1 year of alcohol addiction, my mental health became terrible, I got alcohol induced psychosis, severe depression and anxiety. I started to take Sertraline, it made me manic and I ruined my own life.
I have so many insecures. My nose is too big and my penis is too small. My penis is around 3.5-4 inches. My ex boyfriend couldnt stop shamimg me because of my small penis. Everywhere I go, I see people making fun of small penises. I hate how people think it is acceptable to body shame men. Dick shaming = body shaming because penis is a part of the male body. I cannot change my penis size. I always try to ignore all the negatives and mean words people say, but sometimes I just cannot forget. I am sensitive and when people make fun of my body, I feel so worthless. I feel I am not good enough for anyone.
Days ago my favorite aunt got arrested for dealing drugs. In my third world country, dealing 13 kg of drugs will get you death penalty. My aunt was the only one who took me to see a doctor and a psychiatrist. I really love her and I am heartbroken. I just dont know how to feel about this. Sometimes I am numb and sometimes I feel devastated. My another aunt got diagnosed with cancer months ago and I really love her too. My grandma is dying, my grandpa is also dying. I just feel devastated.
I always try to ignore all the depressing things in life. I always make myself busy, but sometimes I feel too tired and devastated to even work. I just want to listen to songs and cry. Idk why I cannot cry. I lost so many pounds this week because of stress.


Perpetually alone
Can someone talk to me
I have access to alot of tablets and don't trust myself anymore. I don't want to be alive anymore. I have nothing. nothing


I just can't anymore
Please talk to me.
I have no one and I feel like everyone hates me.
I really can't bear to live much longer.
I hate myself, I can't anymore.
numbing myself with drugs ever day by now.
I'm the most pathetic and useless human being on earth


I want the balls to kill myself. I hate how i came out. All fucking scared to live life.
I have tried so many times. I fucking cant take it. Im sick and tired of remembering my fucking bullshit life. All i have done is pussy out of everything. Im tired of it all. So much potential relationships with many people, wasted. I never got the balls to ask out a girl all because of my bullshit anxiety i suffer through. fucking hate it all. i hate how i was treated as a child. no one gave me hope. i have been struggling with suicidal thoughts since the age of 11. thats not fucking normal. i hate this stupid fucking life. everything. i have tried to kill myself at age 15, l still pussy  out. im such a fucking waste of human space. i hate it. i hate living. nothing gets fucking better. remembering the emotional loneliness since a child. I cant even feel anymore. all my emotions have been sucked off away. i cant handle this shit. more negative thoughts than positive. stupid fucking people profiling me and shit. stupid closed minded teachers profiling me as a rebellious gangbanger since the age of 9. fucking bullshit. i hate this shit. i cant fucking do it. i want to die. i hate even the thought of being alive. i wish i was aborted. i wish i was never been thought of.  live is a greatest gift. i fucking call bullshit. what happens when you strip off a kids confidence? u get miserable fucks like me wishing off dead. one of these days im going to fucking do it. overdose. blast my brains. something. i hate fucking living. someone please fucking kill me or something.


I'm so fucking over it all
I've tried, I've talked. Im sick and tired of waking everyday feeling as if I'm staring into the void.
Too much of a coward.
I even tell my own mother, I'm finished with life and she just ignores it.


Repercussions
I'm been feeling suicidal for a few months now. The only thing stopping me if where I will end up once the deed is done. I'm not christian but having grown up in a Christian society I've been lead to believe that suicide is a sin and I will rot and be tormented for eternity in hell. What are your thoughts on this? I understand no one knows what will happen when you take the final plunge but I would like to hear your thoughts. Thanks


im just so fucking done at this point
living just feels so fucking pointless. im not even done highschool and i know that i have no chance of ever having a good future. i barely know what im supposed to be doing right now, im fat, i have no friends, i just sit at home and do nothing all fucking day. there is no point to my existence im just taking up resources and wasting everyones time. i just wake up and wish that i hadnt day after fucking day.


I’m sorry
Sorry Mom, I didn’t want this life you gave me anymore. Thank you for providing me the things I needed until I’m independent enough to provide for myself. I’m sorry for ignoring you while you’re working hard abroad. You can come home now.
Sorry Dad, you’re choices in life wasn’t so great but here you are still trying. You’re doing good. Thank you for providing me food to eat and home to live in. Thank you for letting me finish school. I’m sorry if you feel like I was mad at you. I just didn’t want to exist anymore.
Sorry to my sister, the light inside me died and I cannot be a good example to you anymore. But thank you for making me feel good about my art. I wish you to finish your school. You have a great potential to achieve the career you want.
Sorry to Kai, you’ve always pushed me to do my best and thank you for that. You were the best that I had and your presence always makes me happy. I thought I would end up with you but I wasn’t a good partner to you. Thank you for letting me go because I would’ve hold on. And I didn’t want to drag you down anymore along with my bad thoughts. I wish you to achieve the career you love to do and have lots of dogs in the future.
Sorry to my friends. To April, thank you for inviting me to your art exhibits. I hope you’ll have a successful career. To Issa, thank you for being there whenever I spontaneously want to go out drinking and smoking when there’s too much noise inside my head. I wish you find the person who will truly love you. And I wish you could visit your parents’ grave someday. To Joyce and Nigel, thank you for letting me crash into your place. Thank you for always checking up on me. Thank you for taking care of me at the times that I couldn’t take care of myself. I wish both of you will achieve your dreams.
Thank you for those anonymous people from Reddit who encouraged me to live longer. But I’m sorry for wasting your time.
I’m sorry. I will not be there anymore to see everyone grow. But I wish you all the best. Thank you for tolerating me. I love you all. Goodbye.


Someone please talk to me. Every other thought is an image of death. I don't know how much more suffering I can take, and I think I have officially failed at life. I feel incredibly suicidal.
I want to commit suicide. There is no question about it. The only reason for hesitation is that I don't want to hurt the people who I love. I've been suicidal for the vast majority of my life, including childhood. It doesn't feel like an easier feeling to deal with as time goes on. It primarily gets harder.
But I'm in a city with no friends and a SO who is usually busy. I feel completely and utterly alone. I don't know if I have ever felt this horrible in my life. I've been suicidal for most of it, but now I am seriously at the end of my rope.
I want to talk about it with my therapist, but I can't handle the trauma of being hospitalized for the 6th time. I know that if I was completely honest, I would undoubtedly be locked up. The 5th time was primarily dissociation and flashbacks, so I honestly think it would do more harm than good.
Oh, and I have officially failed at my career goals and had to give that up. So that's cool. I'm too dysfunctional to handle that career path. Now I'm too dysfunctional to handle basic tasks. I can't pretend I feel okay about it. Even eating is challenging.
It also hurts a bit to know that the only time my parents are capable of showing me genuine compassion is when I'm in crisis. I don't know whether it feels good or bad honestly. It feels good to have my abusive parents care about me, but it hurts that me hardcore wanting to be dead is the one and only time they show compassion.
I can't find joy in anything. I try getting out. I try doing activities I used to enjoy. I'd rather do nothing and feel terrible than do something that should be enjoyable and feel even more terrible.
I'm certainly a danger to myself, but I WILL NOT let myself be hospitalized again. That would be more than I can bear and would likely only make things worse. Is there an alternate option that isn't super expensive?
I just want to be dead.
Edit: Also I feel it is worth listing my diagnoses. The main two are Complex Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and Borderline Personality Disorder (mostly caused by abusive parents and then made worse by other abuse). I also have Generalized Anxiety Disorder, ADHD, chronic insomnia, some agoraphobia, and slight OCD.
And I'm almost 26. My first suicidal thoughts began when I was about 8 or 9 years old.
Edit 2: Thanks people for talking to me. I feel a bit better.


How I'm feeling right now
I’m so fucking tired of being awake. I’m so tired of my own thoughts. My shallowness. My selfishness. I can’t stand myself. I am loved but I feel nothing anymore. I am trapped inside of this skull and forced to lurch about in these partially muscled bones. My recognition of these things does not make me better than even the deliberately cruel. In fact, it feels more like an extension of my frail emotional intellect. A thing that shows just how awful I really am. My romantic immaturity combined with my mess of thinking combined with my horrible desperation to feel loved and to love makes me a volatile thing. A poison to myself and others. I don’t want to be this. But I can’t make myself not be this soulless husk. I can appraise my weaknesses, but I cannot sharpen them into strengths. I know I have the capability to love selflessly and be incorruptible… until I eventually wasn’t. I wonder what it’s like to have self-control. I wish I didn’t have to worry about myself or think about the way my nose looks incorrect and I can’t smile the same way I used to or how utterly insane I must sound when I try to make my feelings into words. I am reminded of decay by everything. Not the decay I am comfortable with. But the decay of ideas and information. The decay of what life actually is. Emotions. Ideas. Memories. I don’t want to lose myself. But I already don’t remember who he was. There was an idea of him. But I barely resemble that person anymore. I inhabit his body, but I am not him. I wish all the people who loved me would just stop so I wouldn’t have to have anybody stop me from killing myself. The only comfort I have anymore is sleep. It’s as close as I can get without fully following through. I just want to be able to connect with someone and to be able to love selflessly and care for someone other than myself. But when I try and concentrate on empathy for others now? There is nothing there. I want to be human. I want to be real again.


I want to die so bad...
I always fuck up. I make everyone around me miserable, I have no friends. My girlfriend tells me I make her suicidal and miserable constantly and I hate myself so much. I wake up everyday crying wishing someone or something will kill me. I'm too afraid to actually kill myself. I wish I was good enough for someone. I wish I can make someone happy. I wish I wasn't like this.


I am making it a goal to myself to kill myself this year if I cannot find people I can connect with or like
I do not see any point in living if I cannot have people in my life enjoying our lives together , it is too bleak and desolating without someone , I crave human connection and intimacy since iv been lacking it for so long, I’m starved without it


Bad episode in the middle of the night
I’m in college right now. I went back to my dorm and had a bad meltdown. There’s glass everywhere and I used a piece to cut up my arm. I can’t call counseling service’s because they took me to the hospital the last time and I have a huge bill I can’t afford. All of my friends are asleep. What do I do?


Suicide is an option
I kept hearing that word every single day. Like who the fuck cares if I’m still alive. I’m done, I’m the only one who’s to blame. I’m the only one who ended up bleeding inside. I’m tired on the people saying shit to me. Everything has changed since my dad passed away, my mom doesn’t care about what awards/progress I made in school. People calling me immature for what I do. Those hobbies is the only one thing that makes me somewhat happy but taking that too?! You didn’t knew how fucking hard to live with a dark past. I’ll admit that I was molested when i was a kid. Now i fucking lost my dignity. Everyday I felt like shit. Faking my smile and laugh. What else, fucking shaming me for no reason. I tried strangling myself once but that wasn’t enough and because I realized that i have a two siblings to help to finish their future. I’m already tired and bleeding inside. I’m screaming inside that I wish I was dead or switched placed with my father so he’s alive and I’m dead. I don’t know why my girlfriend ditched me after my 18th birthday. And now? I’M IMMATURE BECAUSE I FUCKING CRY ON ANIME AND SHIT!!! AT LEAST THE ANIME I’VE BEEN WATCHING HELPED ME TO SURVIVE THIS HORRIBLE LIFE!!! I tried living and stop thinking about killing myself but no, like god hates me... People want me dead anyways then why don’t I just try one more time. If I failed, fuck it I’ll do the usual on my menu. Strangling... It’s stupid that i didn’t die when a motorcycle hit me. I wish I was. I’m a burden to all of my relatives. I already asked help from random stranger but I couldn’t be more happier. I tried forgetting my dark past but it kept hunting me. I really regretted stepping on the land of this cruel world. I’m horrible at everything, I always getting scolded on work with a simple fucking mistake. I tried listening to some music but nothing happened, I tried consulting my friends but still useless. I tried talking to a guidance counselor and nothing was changed. Maybe this is it really, my fucking end. I’m hopeless in all ways.  Maybe this will be my first and last post in the internet ever.  Please if I ended up dead, I wish this post reached to all of my family and friends.


wow
WOW...I'm so happy, that for once, there aren't 'thought police' telling people...your 'not allowed' to think about suicide.   Your not allowed to talk about suicide.   Your not allowed to attempt suicide.    Its such a taboo subject, cause your seen as 'weak' or something for having this thought.    Then it gets bottled up inside, because your not allowed to talk about it, pretty soon, you do feel like your the only one.   You feel alienated.    And instead of talking about suicide, in a safe forum.   Where you might get help...you end up just committing the act.   I think this forum is great.   Give people a chance to talk about it at least.   We talk about everything else.   Why not this?   Imagine if you came into work one day and some one asked 'how are you?'    And you said.   'I want to commit suicide.'    Your not 'allowed' to say this.   You have to say 'good', its the only acceptable response.   So tired of 'goody goody' people telling me everything in life 'happens for a reason.'   And everything in life is happy happy.   Maybe it is for them, but not for me.   Thank you for creating this forum.   I will post more of my personal thoughts later...but I wanted to say a quick thanks first.


10 hours until I jump. Would anyone be willing to keep me company in the meantime?
I could really use a friend right now. I don't want to leave the world alone.


Debt and the American Pseudo-Prison
I want to kill myself. That much is obvious given the subreddit I’m posting this into. I needed somewhere to go to write my thoughts, so here I am, and thank you for reading. Recently I have been crushed under the weight of debt from a minor surgery that, although minor, was still life-threatening if not performed. How is it fair, then, that I need to go into debt just so I can live? How does it make any sense to these greedy bastard doctors, pharmacists, surgeons, hospitals, that I am forced into debt upon threat of death?
What makes it even more disgusting is where my debt will go if I shot myself right in my head.
The debt doesn’t go away, the debt goes to my family. Entrapping me in this position where if I live, I suffer, and if I kill myself, my family suffers. How do these “professionals” sleep at night, knowing that they are causing the ruination of families across the nation? I have no respect for these cretin, and putting me in this position of pure hopeless suicidal depression is an offense that frankly, I wish was litigable. These people live on mountains while their indebted slaves live in the ghetto slum apartment complexes below, never to leave, trapped by overwhelming debt, just because they wanted to live.
If you don’t live in the US, be thankful. This nation is a completely broken, disgusting cesspool of greed, filth, and selfishness.
I want to die, and America is to blame.
Thank you for taking the time to read.


I just don't have any fight left in me
I've worked so hard but it feels like I've accomplished nothing. Over the last decade I wasn't able to finish my bachelor's degree because I kept falling the high level courses. After that I spent six years in the US military where I worked myself to the bone, but didn't pick up any discernable skills. I'm in my thirties now, unemployed, and don't really have any fight left in me anymore. Everything seems pointless because I know I'm going to fail at it.
I'm sick and tired of having to restart my life. I don't have it in me to go back to college or trade school. I'm alone and socially inept, and most likely going to stay that way. I haven't felt a solid connection to another person in years.
Everyday I wake up depressed. Every night I hope I don't wake up in the morning. I've developed really bad spoken anxiety to the point even just talking to a cashier I'm paranoid about saying the wrong thing. It seems like everyone is mocking me in conversation.
New year's I made the resolution not to see my next birthday, which is coming up soon. I just feel like there is no place for me in this world.
Sorry if this seems like rambling, but I just don't know what to do anymore. For those of you who listened thank you for your time.


I want to quit.
Hi, I don’t know where I fall in this because I’m intoxicated and hurt and I just don’t know. I’m a masters student and I can’t think of anything better than being dead or so close to  dead I don’t know the difference. I’ve tried so hard, therapy, self love whatever, and I just feel broken. What do I do? Please, all I want js to graduate and do the one thing I swore to myself I’d do.
Sorry for grammar and mobile


I just opened up to a friend
I talked to my friend a little bit about my problems and I hated it and I hate myself now even more. I fucking suck and so does this world. Nothing in this world gives me more happiness than wanting to die.


Life goes up and down
So I've cheated death at least 3 times a boy I am grateful I haven't been in a mental facility since February 28th 2019 and life is looking better but I'm not sure


Going to finish myself
First, I’ll travel to other cities to visit friends. Then I’ll come back to my town and end it all. Can’t wait tbh


Thinking about overdosing on prozac
I tried to swallow them but I can't bring myself to do it. I want to go already.


I heard someone in my class joke about suicide
It just hurt to listen to. I wanted to call her out on it but I didn’t have the bravery. Maybe I should’ve laughed with her. My life’s pretty much a joke. Idrk why I’m making this post, probably just for attention like always. I’m sorry


I feel ashamed to be even posting here. Feels like karma whoring.
Anyway, i wanted this year to be my best year. Every year for the past 5 years have went with me being like,"my life sucks, nothing good can ever happen with me".
It did sucked, i had my good moments but it really did suck. I really can't even make it better if i go back.
Well this year, i thought i'll be positive unlike before. I wanted to be a positive person.
I didn't want to always cry about stuff and just wanted to deal with it. But each day of this month just got worse.
Even if i killed myself, all the things i went through in the last 5 years would be of waste. It would have been better if i had killed myself before in this scenario. Especially surviving last 2 years.
At this point, i am not sure, life is unfair i get it.
I wonder how much worse it can get and i am not ready for it. I can't take this stuff anymore.
I am only 17, and probably you people have much more worse problems then me. But i can't handle this stuff...
I literally hate myself soo much. I hate my life, i can't be forcefully happy anymore.
I just really want to kill myself, always did. But i just can't do it. In one way i want my life to get better, just waiting for it to get better. Instead of waiting i tried to be positive, but i don't have the energy anymore...i am just soo fucking unlucky.
Edit: i guess i am not trying my best.


I think I'm finally at my end
I'm tired of living, what more can I say? I've never been this far in a downward spiral, I feel that there is no help. I've tried talking to friends, and they just don't care/listen. In desperation I even showed them my wrists and they still don't care. I don't know what to do anymore, I put basically no effort into anything because what's the point if im not going to be alive? I'm tired of being alone. I feel so isolated. Cutting doesn't even help anymore, I have nothing. I'm not even sure if I want things to get better. I don't know what else to do. I'm just so over everything. I'm tired of putting on this act and pretending like I'm okay when I'm not. I just live in a hole of self hatred. I know I'm going to die alone and mostly I just feel numb to everything. I have to lock my gun away and lock the room they are in to just stop myself from trying, and I've tried to OD multiple times and I'm tired of it not working.


I must be perfect.
I must appease everyone. If what someone wants is something that I can’t control then I’m imperfect and must die


my life
hello , im 17 and have just been permanently excluded from my school. As I resat year 10 , im already a year behind and now I am unable to join another school and have no qualifications to my name. I've been feeling really depressed for the last few months but it really started years ago because of school etc. These last few weeks I've been feeling really suicidal , and I attempted to kill myself at the start of the year . Now I've been kicked out of school , I'm a huge failure and I'm really scared about what might happen to me in the future. I've let everyone down and my mum most importantly, who has paid so much money for my education for the last 6 years. This is my first time using reddit And I haven't come on here for sympathy or anything I don't even deserve that for what I've done to mum, I just wanna talk to a few people who can tell me what I can do , I'm not really close to any of my friends anymore too so I have noone to talk to. thank you
Update: I went to a college today to ask about any options I have regarding taking my GCSEs, unfortunately they couldn't accept me and I have to take private exams which are too expensive as my mum is not willing to pay them. I don't have a job and have gotten all electrical devices and even my bedroom taken away from me and given to my brother. I have nothing to look forward too and even today as I was walking around I felt like everything was a distraction from what I was really feeling I just wanted to go home and cry. I don't wish this situation upon anyone its awful, waking up knowing your a failure and huge disappointment to your family who have invested everything into you. I've always tried being a nice person and this hurts me. I can't describe how awful it is walking around feeling this way I really want it to stop. If your wondering how I'm writing this with no device its because I've taken my brothers tablet , so I won't be able to look at any messages or replies until I can get it again and who knows when that could be hopefully I'm even alive by the time I can look at them


Never let it take you over, breath!
Many post here about their situation and how they wanted to end it. I want to tell all of you that you are not alone but sometimes we need time to be alone, to put minds into deep silence, focus on breathing and look far. Its ok to cry, its ok to rest and lay yourself on the ground on look blankly into the sky or ceiling. Its ok to surrender without hurting.
Please stay and be the strength to each of us.


Goodbye
I have no friends, no family, my only girl left... I wasted my whole life. I don't want to live. I'm never happy and I'm such a burden on the people who put up w/me & help out of kindness. I have no idea what I'd want from a future as I'm disillusioned w/society & my own mind. I'm seriously close to the end of my story & I'm posting here cause I have nobody else I feel I can talk to about how I'm feeling. I have never felt so physically & mentally unhealthy, I'm unemployed & nobody wants me... why even bother?


Lost
I'm in high school, aproaching 16 and I had always as a kid invisioned myself as getting emancipated and getting a g.e.d. at 16. A few months ago I even tried to run away but gave up because I didn't really have a plan. I have always wanted to move to KC as I'm in a nearby rural area and I imagined if I went there I could make something of myself. Lately as shits been changing I realize that everything Ive ever wanted is bullshit. I cant move out at 16, I have shitty parents but no one really gives a fuck and even if I do or when I do at 18 I'm not goimg to accomplish shit. I'm in the gifted program at my school and have an iq of 147 but I just dont give enough shits. I'm failing most of my classes and I've always just scraped by with D's. I'm not going to pass school and im definitley not going to accomplish all of the other bullshit. I have literally no friends I socially talk to no one. I used to cut myself but I quit. Used to do drugs but I quit. My dream was always to be a musician but I realized that isn't going to happen. I thought about being a chef or even medical but those things arent going to happen. I have come to realize that I like the idea of these things more than I actually like them. Im not willing to put in the work. Im not even willing to brush my teeth anymore. Hell the things I do want I only really like the idea of. I always impulsively get into hobbies, especially expensive ones, dream of 1000s of dollars worth of shit, end up buying a cheap alternative because I can't afford anything because I cant get a job living in the middle of no-where without a car. I get bored say its because I dont have the several hundred/thousand dollar solution but really it's because my expectations are too high. I don't take joy in anything. I do nothing on everyday. I haven't been happy for as long as I remember like as far back as 2nd grade I hated my life. Nothing has changed I still haven't made a single real friend. I on a few occasions made what I thought was a close friend but I always fuck it up. I'm always the 5th or 6th choice. But eventually I got into high school and quit trying. Mostly because I go to a really small school and have 0 oppurtunities to meet new people. I sometimes have a short friendship with new students but a clique always takes them in and we drift apart. Its a cycle that wont change as long as I'm in rural kansas. At least thats what i tell myself. But I think no matter where I go I'll never really fit in or make real friends. I'm a loser who doesnt actually put forth effort. Now that I think about besides school and my shitty family, I haven't left the house for months. Ive tried hanging out at school functions but it never works out. I cant go over to people's houses my parents won't allow it. I live far away and they wont drive me, and they wont let me in the car with anyone else. I have nothing and I think that my wasted youth Will affect me for the rest of my life. If it gets better its not going to be soon. It is that bad. Ive heard all of that bullshit. Nothing will ever change. At least not for years. And even then, will i actually be satisfied? Can I enjoy a normal life after living my whole childhood isolated never having a best friend, just temporary circumstantial friends, and aquaintances i pretend are friends. I feel like I'm going crazy. Ive tried online friendships and maybe they work for you but for me they suck. Just if you have advice please respond. If you are going to say some school counselor bullshit then shut the fuck up.


I hate pitying myself, but I'm so scared of what my future holds.
I hate this. I hate going to the doctor. I hate the hospital. Every I do blood work they find something else for me to panic about. Things are getting worse in my chronic condition, some new thing is elevated and another pill is recommended to take to keep it under control.
I have a wonderful wife, 2 beautiful children (5 and 2) and I'm 33, turning 34 this year. I just got back from the doctor and I'm such a complete mess of self-pity. How can I muster the courage to carry on and be a father selflessly? I'm forced to a life where I must indulge less and less in the things that bring people joy -- I can't do strength training anymore because it's not good, I have to follow a stricter diet to keep things under control. I'm 34 and I have to take the same precautions as an elderly patient because of my fucking kidney disease.
I'm sure many of you on this subreddit are looking for something to take your life aside from your volition. Some of you may feel like I've got a wife and kids, and thats all that matters so I'm already in a better situation than most. My death will come slowly and with lots of pain and hardships along the way. Maybe in 10 years, maybe sooner. Maybe in 40 years, with lots of anxiety, pain, tears, and what not to accompany it.
It's funny to think that just 2-3 days ago I was perfectly fine. I've been going to the gym for a year and am in the best 'physical shape' I've ever been. I'm proud of the body I've made. Now I have to give it up. I'm at a complete loss of where to go from here. Ending this all is entertaining, as continuing to just exist as a weak/sick version of my self is an exercise in suffering and humility.
So many of you people with suicidal ideation probably come from lives of trauma, poor circumstance, feel like you amounted to nothing. But there is one thing many of you DO have. It's your physical health.


Can you die if you jump from a 18 storey building?
I am tired and defeated. My boyfriend left me. Nobody likes me. I'm alone, I'm ugly and worthless. I tried to hang myself but it's more difficult than I thought, I don't lose consciousness and it fucking sucks. And I don't want to grow older. I'm running out of time and my birthday is in a month. I'd be 23, I don't wanna grow older.
I'm thinking of jumping from the 18th floor of my building. Will that work?


I'm a waste
So... not quite sure how to start one of these. This is my first post on Reddit. I usually just lurk around subreddits without posting anything. Heck, I made this account just to make this post.
I should start by saying that I'm very aware of how lucky I am compared to a lot of people in the world. I don't have any family or bullying issues, and for the most part my life is pretty much the opposite of a struggle. I'm seriously grateful for all the support and love I've received from my family throughout my twenty-odd years of life. I get along with them great, and we all share the same wonky sense of humour. I still live with my parents and siblings (I'm the oldest). I even recently got my first part-time job and I would like to eventually move out into a nice small apartment somewhere.
My friends used to say I was the funny one in the group. I remember in secondary school, my BFF was asked why she was friends with me and she said that I was the funniest person she knows. It's sad to say, but I'm definitely one of those people who "peaked in highschool". Although I wasn't one of the "popular kids", I was well known in my year group. Almost all of the teachers knew me by name, and I loved my conversations with them. I consistently won student awards, and my grades were pretty nice too. I was pretty good at sports and took part in any sports clubs I could. My group of friends was amazing. We did so much together. We were all different, and had totally different interests, but that's what made us work so well together. There was never a dull moment with that lot.
I remember, things started to feel different in my last year of secondary school. I can't tell what changed, but all of a sudden my emotions didn't really feel quite right. I still laughed and smiled as usual, but it felt like I actually had to consciously put some effort in. I wouldn't say I felt sad. I'm not sure how I would describe it, but it's like I couldn't get too emotional about much of anything.
I started missing more school around then. I started going to clubs less too. Not sure why, but I just couldn't get motivated to go sometimes. It's weird, because I had my friends, and my teachers there. I liked the subjects I was studying, and I was still doing well grades-wise. Sometimes, I'd fake an illness to get out of going in for a couple of days here or there. A couple of times, I tripped over on purpose just to get out because of a "sore ankle" or something. That way, it didn't seem like I was sick all the time. I made sure not to be too absent though - didn't want people to start getting super worried about my health.
I finished secondary school with good grades and started college not long after. Everything seemed pretty cool up until I started my second year. Things were looking up. Almost all of my friends went to the same college, and I still kept in touch with the ones who didn't for a while. For some reason, I started getting sick for realsies, and quite often. I found that I couldn't concentrate properly. I found myself zoning out a lot. My friends and I didn't have as much of a chance to interact with eachother due to our timetables, and I found that I smiled less and less as the days went by. I got so sick and weak that I actually had to drop out of my second year of college and redo it a year later. Even after that, my concentration didn't seem to improve. As you would expect, my grades suffered. I couldn't really concentrate in the exams, but I managed to barely pass all of my A-Levels. When I received my results in the mail, I was just like, "Huh, I see". My parents seemed upset, but I just couldn't feel sad about it. I played it off with a smile. I was happy that I didn't fail.
I procrastinated when it came to my university application, and decided that I'd put it off for a year. A gap year sounded like a good idea. My parents agreed, so I became a NEET. I just stayed at home all day, playing the occasional videogame or reading books. I watched anime too. Every now and then I'd go out to the local park and sit on a bench or a swing and listen to music.
I lost touch with my friends. I already stopped using social media, so we usually kept in touch via text/calls. I started responding to them less and less. It got to the point where I actually lied to my best friend about having a job at the local mall, just so she wouldn't worry about me. Eventually we didn't talk at all. For the most part I feel it's for the best. I know it's really selfish, but I felt kinda useless and lazy, and I didn't want my friends to have to put up with me.
A year had passed, and I still didn't really feel motivated to go back into education just yet. I decided to actually look for a job instead of sitting around, twiddling my thumbs. I signed up with the local job centre too, and got busy. Every job I applied for rejected me, and that's understandable given the current job market.
While searching for employment, I started a course that was supposed to boost my employability and soft skills. Through that course, I made a lot of new friends. We still keep in touch from time to time, but I can't help but feel like I'm dragging them down. I don't know why, but every time people start to depend on me, it kinda stresses me out. I get worried that I'm not as good as they think I am. What if they realise that I'm not as happy as I let on? What if they really get to know me properly and realise that they've wasted their time on me?
A few months ago I got my current job as a part time retail worker. The pay is minimum wage, but it's enough to help my parents out and pay for my hobbies. I get along pretty well with all of my co-workers. I hit all of my targets. I try to make sure the customers are as happy and comfortable as possible. I'd say I'm pretty good at my job for the most part. There are times when I really feel how strained my smiles are. I laugh along with my coworkers and customers, and I make sure I have a pleasant demeanor, but sometimes it feels like it takes just a bit too much effort. Sometimes I'll have a great sales day, and then I'll start worrying. What if they expect this level of performance from now on? I'm not sure if I can live up to those kinds of expectations sometimes.
A month ago, I finally applied for university. I'm pretty good with computers for the most part, and I'm good at maths, so I figured I'd apply for a computer science degree (with a foundation year as I've been out of education for a couple of years now). I had already been learning java in my spare time for a few months. I picked my five uni choices, and sent off my application. For the first time in a while I was actually kinda pleased with myself.
Yesterday morning I received two rejection emails. Honestly, I didn't even feel disappointed. It's strange, but I don't really feel that bad now either. I want to tell my parents, but honestly I don't want to see their reactions. I'm sure they will be disappointed in me. I should feel disappointed too, but I just feel empty.
I feel like lately there are two me's. There's the me that laughs and smiles and puts and effort into the things they do. Then there's the empty me that nobody sees.
Sometimes when I'm alone I just lie down and do nothing at all. Sometimes I think about how I'm a waste of space and resources. Part of me is sure that my family thinks I'm a failure. I know I do. Im stuck. I feel like I'm walking, but I'm always in the same place no matter how fast I move my legs. No matter what I do, I can't change who I am as a person. I think about how easy it would be to die. My family might be sad for a while sure, but I'm sure they'd get over me eventually. On the plus side, I wouldn't be taking up so much space in our small house. I kinda feel guilty for being alive. I've had so many opportunities and I've let them all slip through my fingers. Opportunities that other people would've been so grateful for.


I just don't know if I can face life anymore
My thoughts at the moment are all of just ending it, apart from thinking about the family and loved ones you'd leave behind what stops you from doing it ? I've been extremely close now a few times but have backed out I'm only young but there seems to be no light at the end of tunnel


It only took one day after finding the strength to get my life back on track to have fallen back into depression and wishing to die.
Tried to use a momentous moment to pick up the pieces. But feeling betrayed and hurt by my friends, who I tried to be loyal and good to, I feel so sad again. I feel like dying again, to escape this pain.


C, C+,C,B,B-, my parents are mad about my grades and I want to die I’m so fucking dumb
I was going to get my septum pierced this Saturday but not anymore because my grades are so bad and I’m so depressed and I need a bit more understanding of why my grades aren’t there. I’m so done and tired and they always say I’m not grateful because they send me to a private school and I’m still too fucking dumb to get good grades and I just want to die. My septum piercing was keeping me alive and gave me something to look forward to. Now life is just nothing I have nothing to look forward to and my life is worth nothing. All I want to do is die and I need some help here I just want some help and love.


I dont want to kill myself but I think I have to
I'm not scared but I cant get molested again or worst. I'd rather die. I'm scared and dont want to do this but I think I have to.


Confused About Life
Hi,
I’ll try to make this short. 22, male, go to Big Ten school. I’m successful, high grades, lots of friends, applying to medical school with a solid chance at going to a good program. I’ve never struggled with depression, no one knows how I feel.
I wouldn’t even say I’m depressed now. I’m happy, have energy, am doing well in most areas of life. I’m gay, and no one knows. I have a very accepting family and friend group, and I know I will be embraced. For some reason, I just don’t want to face it even though I know it will be okay.
I would rather just go away. I don’t necessarily want to die, but I don’t want to live my life. I want to drive a couple thousand miles and start a new life. But with today’s technology, that isn’t realistic. The other option is to die.
The worst part is I can’t tell anyone how I feel. Not a friend, not a mental health professional, not a counselor... because they WILL (no doubt) commit me to a psych ward. And I do NOT want to go. I have had friends go who have told me how terribles those places are.
So, my options are to struggle through this alone or die. I’m not sure which will happen. Any words of advice?


I’ve never felt this way before...
My life has had its ups and downs, as all of ours do. But recently it’s just been... different. Every day I feel so unmotivated, miserable, and sad. My grades are slipping, I have nobody who cares about me, zero friends. I provide no use to anyone. I try and try for things to change, but they all stay the same. I’m lost.


i think i can really see the end
No one likes me.  not even my own family.  the "friends" i had are only still here so i don't kill myself.  Fuck them.  Fuck everyone from my actual Biological Parents abandoning me to the fake friends that make me doubt myself.  i'm sitting here with Ibuprofen in one hand and my phone in the other.  Goodbye all it's been a good life until this point.


Cut my feelings right out
I've obviously been having a hard time. I have had visions of blowing my head off with a gun. stabbing my self to death. and the newest on that i just talk to my therapist about was taking all my pills and saying good nigh.
well today was just not going my way. any time I tried doing something I made a tornado in my path so then I had to go clean that up.
I saw the box cutter and without even thinking I automatically cut myself!!
there was blood running down my arm and all I could do was curl in a ball and cry. When I think about what I need or want that would help me cope all I think can of is that I don't want to be here!!!


We lost our best friend
Not really sure where to go to or who to talk to for advice. In October 2019 my really close friend group lost a member when our buddy took his own life.
We’re a really close group of guy friends. We’re all trying to get through this difficult time but one of the guys (Jake) can’t seem to come to terms with this. Since we lost our friend, Jake has had countless outbursts and lashes out at loved ones.
I’m worried Jake is going to do something crazy. We went out to a bar last week and he started picking fights with the bartender and I thought he was going to attack someone. He’s also gotten into seriously strongly worded altercations with all of us which is unusual for him.
How can I help my friend? I understand this is part of the grieving process, but I’m afraid he’s out of control and going to hurt himself or someone else.


Why.. why do i ruin everything
Name one thing a normal human being can do, tie shoelaces? Can’t
Staple things properly? Can’t
Write a paper properly? Can’t
Learn anything? Can’t
Hold something without dropping it? Can’t
Hold a pencil properly? Can’t
These are just a few examples of what I can’t do. Imagine the big things. I’m useless at everything - why the fuck should I live? “You’re wrong, every human being has potential! Stop being so nihilistic!” SHUT THE FUCK UP. I KNOW HOW THIS WORLD WORKS, AND NOT ALL PEOPLE ARE CREATED EQUALLY. SOME PEOPLE DONT HAVE THE ABILITY TO GROW THEMSELVES.
And even if I’m able to accomplish these mundane things, what of it? Why the hell does it matter? Fuck human ignorance and pity.  In the grand scheme of things — it’s all useless.
Anyways that’s my rant. Sorry if it’s edgy. I’ve decided to kill myself as soon as I’m out of this fucking house because in the end, I know I’ll just become a miserable degenerate, and anyone who thinks that suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem, fuck you, seriously, fuck you. It’s probably the most illogical thing I’ve ever heard. Why the hell should I wait for a extremely improbable miracle, you’re asking me to just wait and suffer, don’t worry.. eventually something great will happen to you! God has great things in store for you. Yeah, you think so? What about all the people who endured endless suffering listening to this stupid bullshit — waiting for a ‘magical’ miracle to happen.
Then they’ll say that they didn’t take the steps  to fix their life..! Yes, yes they did, and ultimately it failed. It pisses me off, the world pisses me off with all their nonsense and false hope, I genuinely, GENUINELY believe there is more evil than good in this world. The people who are truly altruistic aren’t recognized at all,
In the end, there’s little hope for humanity. I’ve decided once I leave this house — I’ll find a way to kill myself, preferably a painless death. But yeah, sorry for the edgy and vent post. I don’t think I’m going to change my mind on this, but hey, if you think you can change my mind. Go for it. (Or I’ll probably just get ignored..).


Does it really get better?
I keep my place clean
Because when I finally do kill myself, I don't my belongings to be an issue. Everything is already organized, ready to be sold or donated. No one should have to sort through my crap when I'm gone also. I want the process after my death to be as quick as possible so everyone can continue thier lives peacefully.


At my wits’ end
I’ve lost it, again. Everything was going well for me after successfully picking myself up from my last stint in the hospital for mental health and yet, I am worse than I’ve ever been. I moved across country, found a great job, fell in love, and moved (again) to restart (what I thought was,) the rest of my life. My depression creeped back after the season change as it was the first time I’d experienced it since moving away from California (lived there for about a year and a half without issues with depression.) Recurring memories of being abused when I was 17 would flood my dreams because it had happened during the season change and I hadn’t lived in a place other than where I grew up for that time of the year. It felt different to not be depressed in California as opposed to Colorado where I am now. My ex (almost fiancé but I was experiencing severe bipolar mood swings that caused me to try and eliminate the recurring memories of being abused by trying to be intimate with someone of the opposite gender ) left me and I’ve been struggling to figure out my future ever since. It’s mostly because we had our whole lives in front of us and I just can’t live with what I’ve done to someone I truly loved. I walk with my head down every day and I feel unwanted and worthless. I’ve never been so depressed in my life. I’m on medication for my depression and have been for a few months but I still know how I truly feel about myself and what I have to live with. My head is plagued with thoughts of ending my life on a daily basis as soon as I wake up. I say that because it is a normal thought in my head and it is not something I see as irregular or threatening to myself. I lack purpose within and I don’t know when or how things will get any better for me as I just continue on this bipolar spiral every few years. I just don’t care to participate in this thing we call “life” anymore.


Suicide doesn’t fix anything but it’s always an option.
Anyone else find some sick comfort in knowing that suicide is always an option?
Like hey, I’m 25 now and if life doesn’t work out In the next four years I can always go die!


I fought enough, goodbye
I have been fed lied to for so long. Claiming I'm smart, kind, and now I see I never was and never will be any of that. I don't care about the grief  as it will be worth it in the long run and they will get over it eventually. I think I qwill probably still chicken out but will eventually do it. I'm tired of the "it'll get better" nonsense as I will most likely get cancer, dementia, or somethjng else. I will suffer more than I would ever have if I died. I know I will be damned to hell no matter what so I'm not fazed by the "it's a sin" model as I know its what they would expect. I have tried and failed in almost every category I know and I just gave up. I'm sorry everyone, mom, dad, siblings, but this is what I'm supposed to do.


I'm considering pulling a sleepy suicide.
I have some tabs of melatonin pills and im considering taking more than the healthy dose. I will admit im partly influenced by spiritual ideas;I believe i wont 100% die,i will stay be concious but ill just shift to another universe never to return.
Im handicapped,i have motor/coordination problems. I cant succed in any sport because of that. I happen to be attracted to minor(girls),which doesnt give me guilt anymore but it does give practical problems and thus a state of forced celibacy(dont get me wrong,celibacy has given me a lot of power,but its not my choice).
i will probably never be able to marry,which makes my un-avoidable long life seem like a burden.
I know emotional states depend on brain chemistry. maybe some chemical is making me want to die.
There's a voice in the far back of my head telling me to post here.


I didn’t kill myself last night.
but i really wanted to. i still do. i’m proud of being able to physically stop myself, but i still don’t want to be alive. i’m tired. so fucking tired.
it’s not fair that i have everything good in life and i want to throw it away when there’s people who would do anything to be in my position. i wish i could give my life to someone better. someone who’d enjoy it.
i just simply don’t want to live any longer. i’m so scared.


I think I've reached my limit
I first thought about suicide a year or so ago. I went at it alone for about six months or so, but then my friends told councilors and they told my parents.
Things got better for a while, but we're back at square one again. It always happens. I wake up in the morning ready for the day, and I get crushed the moment the day starts. Every single day.
My older habits are coming back stronger than ever. Apologizing after everything, being incapable of reading people, being afraid to talk to anyone about how I feel, it's all there. I don't feel like I'm allowed to make my own choices anymore because these habits are like outside forces dictating my every move. I don't even know who my friends are anymore because I can't tell the difference between compassion and cordial hatred.
I guess I've pulled through for a year, but I can't take much more. I'm so fragile and powerless that I'm going to be fucked in the real world anyway so maybe I should just save everyone the trouble and cut it off right here.
This probably isn't the right place, but I had to get this down somewhere


Might Drink Till I’m Dead Tonight
Made a throwaway tonight to post this just because I wanna put out a last exclamation before I go or something. I fucked up majorly. History of mental illness and a love/hate relationship with alcohol doesn’t even exempt me from how shitty I treated her. We passed our 1 year anniversary and it was my birthday week and she promised to come to my city the following summer (ldr) and I loved her. With all my heart. And then I cheated on her because I was lonely and drunk and someone else liked me back. I deluded myself into thinking this other girl was the one for me, and she is great don’t get me wrong but she’s not her. But it’s better this way. I feel like a poisonous toxic ichor and anything I touch turns to shit. I just want her to know I’m sorry and I love her and I hope I didn’t waste her time. And to the girl I led on, I’m sorry for everything I did and said, you deserved better like everyone else who’s known me. Idk. Bye.


college vs. suicide
i think i post on here too much. it's just that i recently graduated early from high school and nothing is going as planned. i wanted to take up exercising so i can work on some of my dysphoria and get a better body before going to college, but that seems to not be happening seeing as i suck at exercise and dont have the energy or drive for it. my parents really want me to go to college but i have been against the idea since i was in middle school, i just never told anyone. i don't want to jump into something that everyone is doing just because it's seen as a the "best choice". what about the other choices?? what are they?? WHERE are they????? why can't i learn anything other than being a doctor or a teacher or something ELSE that isn't in this mold that we consider to be the only one???? i sound so whiney but by GOD i wanna cry. my manager at work even told me that i shoudnt take a break from school just yet because i "didnt deserve it" and i have never felt so fucking angry in my life at such a statement. like,,,,,seriously??? you dont know my life. you dont know how difficult it is for me to get out of bed every day. to find a reason to fucking breathe everyday. hell, i got friends telling me that i just need to "get over my depression" because THEY want to hang out and its fucking killing me. im sick. and tired. and by god damn it i have all the right to say that im tired as anyone else. dont fucking compare yourself to me. im not better or worse. i have only experienced what i have experienced. just because im drowning in four feet of water doesnt mean you can yell at me to shut up because there are people in ten feet of water. let me breathe. i hate that i feel so damn pressured to be an "adult" that im unable to live life without feeling like im going to be behind because i dont immediately jump into college.
​
shut the fuck up.
​
i want to fucking die.
​
how can i go to college when im not even sure ill be alive by the end of the year


Can't handle the pain anymore
I think this will be a long text, so if you dont read it, that's ok, I just wanna scream for someone.
I'm a 15 years old boy and I will start it from the beginning of everything.
I have a twin brother and since my childhood I feel like I am his shadow, he is more handsome, funnier, and literally better in anything than me, when I used to be bullyed because of the way I look, my ears and being a totally freak, he was my only friend and the only one who helped me, so I think I putted all the love i myself in him and I dont will never ever love me, so that self love bs do not work with me at all.
In 2018 I was at a toxic relationship and I was in so much fear because if I said anything that that she didnt like it, she would send me pics with her wrist slit or chest, and I feel like I couldnt be me and I just wanted to end it, but I was so afraid of me being the one who made her suicide and I kept going and going with it, but eventually I broke up with her but now she is fine and I was just being played all the time, so I lost the hability to trust people. We broke up in December, 2018.
When 2019 came, I changed school, lost all my friends and was just in a bad phase, so i the ehen the first day of class ended, I tried to kill myself with my father's gun, so I loaded that shit, aimed to my face face I couldnt pull the trigger because my brother would be the one who would find my empty body and this was unfair with him.
After that day I tried to improve my life, study hard, go to the gym and this kind of stuff, but once my mother said that I would be better off dead and that her life would be better if I hadnt be born and because of that, I think of suicide 99% of my life.
In August I fell in love with a girl and we started to date and started a relationship, I feel like I was just happy when she was around and she was the only person that I trusted, I told everything about my life to her and she told me about her life to me, our relationship was exactly perfect and I just wanted to merry her and make her happy all the time, when we completed 5 mounths (in January, 2020) she said to me that she felt really happy by my side, that she would never let me down and just wanted to life all her life with me, but 10 days after that she broke up with me because the church doesnt allow her to date anyone at that young age, she went against her mother because of me and she felt guilty and that this was not right, that was really sudden for me and now I'm really hearbroken, I didnt expect things to go like that, she said that she would love to be my friend and I really want to be her friend, but sometimes she act like the person who I fell in love with and sometimes she only ignore me and say fuck for me, she is (or was) the person who I trust the most on world but in just confused.
I know that you would say things like oh you are 15, tou have a bright future and that bs, but my dreams cant be achieved anyway, my parents hate me, i fought with my brother recently and i am heartbroken, I feel like I cant handle the pain anymore and when the summer comes I will kill me for sure, I aint looking for help anymore because I know I will be happier this way, I will not put my brother in pain because I am gonna pretend an accident and everything is already planned, but until that day, I will try to improve me again but i have not faith on that.


"count each breath and feel the miracle of a beating heart within you..then decide youll do SOMETHING to give that to someone else. GO TO a childs cancer ward, hug them. Sit and suffer with them. Let ego die..and be thankful. Much love." SHUT THE FUCK UP AND TELL ME HOW TO KMS
I swear to fucking GOD every search engine and shitty click bait article is driving me FUCKING CRAZY. JUST TELL ME HOW TO DIE. STOP TRYING TO PLAY MARTYR BY CLICK BAITING ME. I JUST WANT INFORMATION


Answer my question
How far do I have to fall to die without any chance of survival


I am a shell of a person
Nothing is helping me feel better. The only love of my life doesn't want me anymore. He came back into my life last year and fell out of love with me again and I am devastated. Nothing is going well in my life. I sit here as I am curled up in a fetal position dealing with menstrual cramps that not even naproxen can help. I can't stop sweating and I am sad and in pain. I've dealt with too much for too long and I'm just so sick of this shit.


I just don't see any other way.
A few months ago, I tried to kill myself again for the first time in many years. I was glad I didn't succeed and truly started thinking things might get better. Then, a couple weeks ago my mom died. I live in her house. I'm a single mom and I've been taking care of my mom (she had cancer) for several years. Now I'm left with all the bills and all the responsibility of going to probate court to deal with her property because she didn't leave a will. I just went back to work after being laid off for a month. I am broke and have a bunch of bills due right now. I'm terrified that I'm going to lose everything. That I'm not going to have a car (one car is my mom's, and she co-signed on mine) and that I'm going to lose my home (We live in a mobile home, in a park, and the owner of the park is making me reapply to live here. Problem is, I have bad credit and a felony from 2003 and he does a 20 year background check). I've lived here for almost 18 years. I'm so scared. I keep having anxiety attacks and I just feel numb. I don't know what to do. There's so much I have to do and I feel like I just can't do it. I feel like I've failed my children, that I can't take care of them. I feel like everyone would be better off if I went away and I can't take feeling like this anymore. I don't see any way to fix everything. I don't know how to make things okay again.


Am I suicidal?
Since I was in my teens, I started experiencing a lot of insecurities. Eventually in my 20's this started triggering a lot of anxiety and panic attacks. I am 24 now and since a couple years ago, I still feel anxiety, and I am pretty sure I have depression. I have never been diagnosed  because with college and my job, I do not have time to see a therapist.
Anyways, I find myself constantly thinking about how worthless I am. I doubt every single thing I do. I am pessimistic about my future and my personality traits. I feel like the only person in my family that really loves me is my mother. I feel that I  am always the least favorite person in the room, and the person that no one  likes; not because I am an asshole, but simply because I do not have a likable personality.
For the last year or year and a half, I started fantasizing about dying. I started thinking about how death would be the end of all my problems. No more dealing with people I do not like, poverty, stress, criticism, etc. Sometimes I think of ways I could make that happen. Now, I also "know" or think that killing myself is something I would never do. I know it is something I just fantasize about but I know I simply do not have the courage to do something like that out of fear of pain, fear of the unknown afterlife, and fear to hurt my mother. I also do have a tiny bit of hope that things will work out and that there is a possibility of happiness for me. However, the occasional thought of how killing myself would be like does cross my mind often. Again, at the moment, I know this is something I could never do. I won't kill myself at the moment, and I do not see myself doing it.
My question is mainly for those that are seriously planning to commit suicide or that attempted to do it in the past. Did you start out this way? Thinking "nah, that is something I would never do but it's interesting to think about it" and then that curiosity grew until you actually did it? Am I suicidal? Will I become suicidal if I do not seek help soon?
I tried to phrase this the best I could, but expressing these feelings is not easy.


I'm going to be at home alone for the next two days, and I'm thinking about doing it...
Maybe before I didn't want to do it so soon...but something happened and I feel like I can't do it anymore...
No one really knows that I'm suicidal, and I never intended on telling my parents. There's no point. Recently, they were worried about my grades and health. I know they are worried, but the way they express their thoughts are too extreme...My dad, he told me I’m a pig. He told me to put up a word of Pig on my wall to remind me that. (He was really angry because I wouldn't answer him. I didn't feel the need to with his aggressive attitude.)
He told me if I don't get my weight down, heart issues, diabetes are going to latch onto me.
My mum, she told me about school work, and I need to get a high Atar to get into a good Uni, which will lead me to a good life.
This is all set upon that I will live till then. Which I probably won't...


Anyone want to talk?
Hello. I'm looking for anyone struggling that feel the need to talk to someone, about anything, small chat, discussion, anything. I'm not really a suicidal person, but of course, the thought crosses my mind once in a while, but I guess that's normal. Just hit me up if you need to talk.


This issue is so specific no one understands but my industry is so competitive I have to kill myself because that's the only way I'll be happy
I don't want to "settle down" or have a normal life. I want to work in this niche industry. I am so committed and such a machine to it I will literally kill myself before I stop.
Got let go from a big full time job when I was 23. I'm 25 now and have never worked a steady job again. Just gig to gig, no health insurance, in a competitive industry that feeds on networking and high self image. This is hard for me because I am hideous, not very charismatic, fat, and a lesbian, so a lot of people just sort of discount me (LA is not 'liberal' when you're there. TRUST ME. Nobody tells you this). I am not sure how to bounce back from this and fear I am doomed.
My industry is pretty hard overall-- I work in Hollywood-- so I feel hopeless most of the time. You can't just "apply to jobs online!" You'd have to find them in real life, drive 2 hours to an event alone, feel unsafe because of how I look and who I am, etc.
I think I have brilliant ideas and am a good person who deserves to be alive. I know I'm clever but the stress lately has gotten so bad for me I don't sleep, I gained even more weight, and I estranged my friends with my depression. Treatment isn't helping. Since I'm always tired from being too stressed to sleep I don't do anything productive during the day. I'll just walk or drive around aimlessly, feed and shower myself, then lay back in bed.
I used to be such a productive person with huge dreams. Now I can't do anything. Solving the depression doesn't help because I don't have a job. I need a job. I have only a thousand dollars in savings and no checking. I think I might be a loser.
If I have to bend over and go back to working in a coffee shop, which doesn't even pay my LA rent even in a shitty area, I'll probably just kill myself. This industry is bullshit. They'll keep you an assistant forever anyway. They only promote guys. That's how I got let go in the first place. HE asked for me to be fired and then took my job.
I feel very uninspired and alone. My apartment depresses me. I can't sleep here. It's loud and cheap. I'm miserable. I can't find a way out. I was the 4.0 kid in college and I know everyone is happy I failed. No one is in my corner. How the fuck do I get out of this.


What should I say to my uncle in the hospital who jumped off of a bridge?
I'm just going to jump into it. I'm 22F if that helps.
Background info: my uncle is in his 40s. I only saw him a handful of times growing up. He has always had mental health problems and he can't hold a job because of it and his problems with his speech. He was doing okay, job to job, hanging out with my parents, but after his dad died when I was 5 he was left with his crazy abusive mother (sexual, verbal) and shut himself from society.
The situation: A few months ago he went to jail for shooting at his mom during a fight. He was homeless when he got out, and eventually jumped off of a bridge. He's currently in the hospital and has been for a week or so. His mom doesn't care and he's all alone up there with no visitors.
My Question: Me and my mom are thinking about visiting him tomorrow. I haven't seen him in 15~ years. I empathize because I know my family is insane and I don't blame the way he turned out. I also struggle with my own mental health and have attempted suicide before and have been hospitalized for it myself. I'm the only one in my family who truly believes in and understands mental illness.  When I go, what should I say? do? avoid saying/doing? Are there any resources I can offer him? I live in NC.


Trying to help someone who help me
First I sorry for bad English
In summer my girlfriend kill herself over real life issue and online issue. I was bothered and turn to alcohol and drug. I meet a very kind man who knew my girlfriend online who ran a few community my girlfriend had been part of who very much help me through that time. They devote a lot of time and energy in helping me recover.
The man who help me is good smart man who want to help people but I think people take advantage of that. Now he also hurting and I want to help but I am running out of idea.
I like to go over what happen so people can understand. Over month ago this man was apparently voted out of group running community he love and group then say very mean things about him in front of everyone. Man have had very rough year and has very difficult decision on life changing operation he not want to make. Being part of that group and community was very important for him.
After he recieve large amount of harassment telling him to kill himself that spread from online and effect real life. He now resign from job. He seem to keep getting worse.
He feel his friend don't care. They keep making promise they break. He say two of the people in charge of that community say they could still be part of group that important but gave up when newer people in group not want him around. I talk to some of his friend and they say while want to help their hands tied by other member of group. Many of his friend now feel powerless and they hurting too. He say even after he prove that new people not wanting him around influenced by rumor spread by friend person in charge so scared of what would happen they dodge question.
He feel no one care. His friend all betray him. That he forget who he is. That he have nothing left to smile for. All while face with very complicated medical decision and it bridging to other community and real life.
People who say they care and want to help say they feel lost. His wording and behavior even more worrying than my girlfriend was. Even people who were part of group and person who supposed to be in charge say they want to help but feel hands tied. He check most of boxes on guide in side bar of this subreddit.
How can we reach this man who help and touch our lives?


What has kept you “alive” just one more day?
I won’t waste time telling my life story, it’s too complicated and I could fill pages with it. Not tryna sound edgy but you could summarize it as a story of loneliness, confusion and despair.
While I haven’t been officially diagnosed, I have many symptoms of ASPD (a.k.a psychopath sociopath) I’ve recently ruined the only important relationship I’ve ever had; that I’ve ever cared about. This is a big deal for someone like me who presumably has ASPD. Having a genuine and truly meaningful connection with anyone is a big deal for someone with ASPD.
The worst part of it all, is that my actions were the sole reason why the only relationship I ever cared about was destroyed. It really makes me wonder, could I have ever really cared about this relationship if my actions so clearly say otherwise?
If I never cared about this relationship, how could I ever care about any relationship ever? This has clearly been the most meaningful and genuinely enjoyable relationship I’ve ever had with another person.
This relationship I used to have gave me hope; hope that I could genuinely connect with another person and have a meaningful relationship with someone. Now that I’ve destroyed this relationship, I find it hard to believe I can ever have a meaningful connection with anyone.
So no friends, what’s the big deal? It’s more then that; so much of someone’s life is defined by the experiences they share with others and their relationships with other people (whether romantic or friendship). When you remove all relationships and connections with other people, what do you really have left in life?


forcing people to live is one of the most unfair things on this planet
the way the world is set up right now is that you can live everyday in pain whilst torturing yourself by existing, or you can quite literally torture yourself by having to kill yourself with painful methods such as hanging or overdose. it is complete bullshit and as if the government wants you to suffer


Bye
Im so fucking done i dont wanna deal with this anymore


Not sure why I'm even posting this
So I'm feeling very suicidal atm. I'm thinking about my suicide plan and it feels like I should act on it in a few hours so that the insulin (I'm diabetic) has enough time to kill me before anyone wakes up.
I would take an oxazepam to help me through the rest of the night but I already took the rest of what I had last night. All I had left tonight was paracetamol. Not sure what I can do to keep the voice in my head from talking me into this.


Hello, need help
I got a friend online and now he's saying he'll commit suicide. I don't know how to change his mind. Please help me how to handle this. Thank you


Just trying my best to hold on
Using a throw away account
I'm not looking for advice or sympathy, I just have no one to talk to about what I'm going through.
I'm at a point where even on my best days there is no want for things to be "better", I have no plans of investing in anything or anyone. I get by on the taste of food, the feel of my cats fur, the smell of morning coffee. More days than not those things matter less and less. The void is always hungry and ever growing. I don't belong to any group, no one loves me, I have no passions. I don't promise affection I can't feel anymore, I don't have hopes for anything other than a peaceful end. Rereading this sounds stupid and is confusing to write any better. Between the major traumas, abuse and mental and physical health issues my world is getting smaller and smaller. I miss when I still had hope I could feel like a real person.
Thanks to anyone who would read this garbage post.


Things are looking up
A few months ago I posted here with thoughts of suicide. To sum up theses last few months, I am a 34 year old agoraphobic African American virgin, with 15 years in the United States Air Force dealing with depression and suicidal thoughts.  I came really close to attempting suicide after receiving my most recent assignment by going to a gun store with thought of shooting myself.  I quickly left the store and cried in a parking lot.  I called the suicide hotline and that quickly went South making me more depressed.  I thought about what was really making me unhappy and it was because the job I do just doesn't make me happy.
After really thinking about my situation and talking to people on Reddit I got a link to the suicide chat-line. Which is perfect for a guy that has difficulty speaking and talking to people.  We came to the conclusion that I should just seperate use my GI bill to pursue what I love even if I don't get my military retirement at 38, I can work as a reservist and get my retirement much later.   What's the point of staying in the military for an early retirement if you don't live to see it?
Fast forward to now, I am currently in the process of seperating and I've never been happier. My superiors think I'm crazy but they don't know how close I came to killing myself. I tell them now that I'll give them all I have for the next few months but that's it....I'm ready to leave.
That's all I had to say, thanks to the community here for helping me out.  I still struggle being a agoraphobic virgin shut-in but I'm a a happy agoraphobic shut-in.
If you are in a similar situation I here to talk.


prozac, lamicital, ativan to kill myself
i just did all of the calculations, i have about 2500mg of lamicital, 2450mg of prozac, 30mg of ativan, i jus tneed to know if thatll kill me.
​
i have been dealing with bpd/ mental illness for 6 years now and i have tried and tried and tried, spent hundreds on therapy, tried 15 different medications, tried exercising better but i am still useless at life and i can't keep letting everyone down
my boss  at the digital marketing agency i work at is probably going to fire me tomorrow because i keep fucking up, this isnt even the first job I've fucked up I've fucked up so many jobs before this and im just useless, maybe i just am useless at life, im going to get fired with so much credit card debt from my reckless impusive spending and al i want to do is lie in bed for ever and take my pills and rest. i am so tired.


I want to die. Again.
Post, delete, post, delete.
Hello again, suicide watch.
My life hasn't improved. I resisted the urge to attempt the last time I posted here. Right now, I don't see why I tried. I'm so tired of it all. I'm a problem, and I'm a lost cause. I can't get help. Nobody will talk to me when I reach out. I don't blame them. I'm a terrible person. I hate myself.
It's funny, I'm the one everyone talks to when they're having mental issues, but when I have them, I'm ignored. I'm tired. I just. I wish I wasn't ignored when I ask for help. Granted, I know few people. It sucks when everyone is busy.
I'm scared. I'm frightened by my thoughts. I want to die. I want to stop existing. Because nothing is good any more. I'm never happy. Sure I laugh. But then after, it's gone. Always gone. I feel like shit. I can't sleep. I haven't slept in 3 days. I forget to eat. I feel like I'm a terrible person who just takes and doesn't give back.
I'm the kind of person who should just. Disappear.
I'll probably delete my entire account in the morning if I'm not gone by then.
Bye everyone.


I feel guilty for my parents...
Iv suffered from this for so long... weekly physiatrist sessions... now a sleep specialist because I sleep 2 hours a night.:: and my so can barley stand me anymore... I don’t know what to do.. I feel so worthless and like I don’t belong on this earth..


I wish I had the courage to kill myself
I feel like i shouldnt feel this way
sorry for the confusing title and yes, throw away, because if this gets linked back to me it'll be hell.
i feel like i shouldn't feel this way, because people have it way worse then me, but i just feel empty.
Life is a mess right now, my girlfriend is amazing, but i messed up hard and kisses another girl in the heat of the moment about a month ago, which is really starting to wear me down since she talks about how amazing i am and how much she loves me, my parents are a wreck, my Dad, while not being too bad doesn't live with us all, while my Mum is a manipulative alcoholic who makes me feel likes it all my fault and im bearly hanging on anymore, as its been going on for years and doesn't seem to stop, and i don't want to contiue with it anymore.
The only reason i haven't ended it is because im terrified of the pain or cutting or the nothingness of death, and its the only thing keeping me going, I should also point out im probably very younge to be thinking this stuff, think below 16 higher then 12, so it might be just 'Teenage minds' according to some of my friends, sorry if this doesn't belong on this sub, i dont know where else to go.


On my roof
I want to jump but I can’t. Can someone talk to me.


Why am I two?
I feel like 2 people. One part of me wants to reach out for help and save me. Through too much adversity it wants me to move on to see what'll happen next. The other side wants me to end it all right now. There's no point to moving on, it'll say. There's only more suffering.
They trip each other up constantly. Everytime I make an attempt, I fail and get stopped but the other side. Everytime I reach out for help, I trip and can't ask. I can't get anything done and I just don't know what to do. Both of them are me, but it feels neither is me too. What do I even do at this point.


This is stupid
I come here and it’s degrading. Every comment is about somebody else willing to take their life and it makes me feel hopeless knowing there’s nothing I can do about it. Nobody replies to my messages, nobody DMS me. I might as well end it all too.


Had my first genuine suicidal thought in over a year
I wake up in the morning and I just want to die. All day the only thing I can think about is how much I hate myself. The last 2.5 years of my life have been hell. I genuinely did not know it was possible for a human to suffer this much. I can’t talk to anyone professionally. I can’t afford therapy, my mom doesn’t understand why I think I need it, and the last time I talked to the suicide hotline, they doxxed me and had the police kidnap me because I got angry at the woman on the other end for making an insulting insinuation about my family, they threw me in a psychiatric hospital, and all that did was make me afraid of the medical industry. I barely graduated high school and every time I try to go to college, I just can’t fucking handle it, either because I’m distracted by the stress I’m in 24/7 or because I have a learning disability and in the end, nothing they can do within the regulations of the system will help me. I can barely get a job because I’m utterly useless as a person. I lost over a year of my life to depression, suicide attempts, and pills that did nothing for me, and even now that I’m technically “cured”, I wonder why the fuck it matters because I sure as hell don’t feel happy. Am I supposed to feel grateful that the scars on my body aren’t visible at a glance anymore? At the end of 2018 I left an abusive sexual relationship and suffered for it all throughout 2019. I really, really wanted to stay silent but I was terrified into coming forward because I feared not doing so would mean that I would be isolated until no one would listen to me and someone else would get hurt. For a year I’ve had to relive the experience over and over and over again because it turned into a big deal and I guess I dug my own damn grave. I’ve lost friends, I’ve been harassed, I’ve been called a liar and an attention seeker by more people than I can count. I’m ashamed to think of how the environment I was in encouraged me to be unsafely promiscuous and so openly sexual that I was like a different person. I’m probably never going to be able to have sex again because I literally have no idea what a healthy relationship looks like. Sometimes I hear the couple who live below me screaming at each other and banging furniture and I force myself to put my ear to the floor until they’re done so that I can be sure that they’re both alive by the end of the day. Before I started living here, I lived with a roommate who drilled it into my head that I was an ugly, annoying bitch who had to go on a strict diet immediately because when we finally met, he decided I wasn’t attractive after all. It fucked up my view of my body. I just can’t be happy no matter what I do. One thing after another and IT NEVER ENDS. I wouldn’t be shocked if I become an alcoholic again once I hit 21. It hurts to think. It just hurts to think.


Suicide is not selfish if you have no one to talk to
I cant trust my mom anymore
She promised me that she would ask if she could share what i tell her with my dad, she promised in front of the fucking therapist, its only been a week and she already broke that promise, i feel like i cant trust her at all anymore.
She said she didnt think it was a big deal and didnt knoledge me when i said it mattered to me. She said i was just making drama. Does my feeling really matter anymore
I cant trust her, i cant trust my dad bc everything he'll turn into a lecture, my friends dont care and i dont qant to make myself more of a burden to them, i'll only see my therapist next week. Reddit can only do so much for me to vent
I felt so stressed and sad that i made a cut on my knee, no one will notice and i can say i fell,


I need an advise
Ok so I have 20 y/o and I’m really thinking about suicide, I know many will say that I have to live, idk, the point is I think I’m doing more difficult for my parents to survive, so which is the best way to suicide without pain, I’m talking about pills, like which one you recommend or if you recommend another way please let me know, ty


Best option.
Tbh I just wanna get this off my chest. So much stuff has happened to me and since I have what most don’t I should be “grateful” but I don’t care for what I have. My eternal struggle is unbearable that I can’t even cry unless I feel some kind of pain and it’s funny because I use to get abused and hated getting hurt but now I can’t even feel safe and secured unless I hurt myself in some kind of way otherwise I’ll go crazy. I’m 19 year old that had dreams,ambitions and goals in life but now I don’t have the same sense and feelings. I just wanna get this life over with but it’s taking too long so suicide must be my destiny since my life has never been getting better. I use to think “what about my family and friends and how are they gonna take it” but I don’t care anymore. They’ll eventually get over my death and move on because that’s how my family is... if my mental illness and disability’s didn’t make them aware so my death wouldn’t be that much of a shock. This is really the easiest way out and the best for myself and others.


i want to die desperately. any way how to die without failing? i dont want to live being handicapped
Why should I keep going if I keep failing even though everyone is saying you will get there
I just don't get it I keep failing and failing and everyone just says you can better next time but I just keep failing instead of succeeding why should I keep going? It's been like this for years and years


I think its time
Its getting bad again. I dont have any friends and i just feel like nothing but a burden on my family. I have no life experience all ive done is sit in my room for the past 7 years. I only leave the house a few times a year. Ive only had one job that lasted for not even a year and im 24.. atleast i think i am i dont even know my age anymore. Im so ashamed of the person i am. Im so embarrassed. I'm a failure. I honestly cant do this anymore even the will to stay so my family doesn't have to deal with the pain of me killing myself is dissipating. I'm an empty shell with no meaning so i think its time. I just dont know how to do it. I dont know what to do all i can think about every second is killing myself i dont think i can fix it this time. I dont even know why im posting this. Im sorry.


Someone? Please talk to me
I'm not in a good place right now. I'm shaking and my head is throbbing and achy from crying so hard. I got sent home from work because I had a mental meltdown in the bathrooms and I don't know who else to talk to. Best friend/girlfriend isn't talking to me and my other friends are busy  and I just really need someone right now. I can't do much in the way of hobbies or distractions at the moment because I'm in the process of moving and don't have much to do here and tv can only do so much. Please? I'm too scared to kill myself right now but I'm more scared that it'll change and next thing you know I'll be sitting on a railroad waiting to be put out of my misery.


People say it will get better but they’re fucking liars
They don’t know if it will get better, they just want you to pretend like it is so they can be comfortable and don’t have to deal with your problems. People don’t want to deal with your problems, so they give you a false sense of hope with out actually doing anything. It give them an ego boost with no effort. If you say this will get better, then actually try fucking helping me.


I realised today I might actually do it
I've always fetishiszed the thought of suicide. But, today, I realised I might actually go through with it. I don't feel the urge to go just yet, but I feel like it's going to be an eventuality.
I'm not even sure why I'm posting this. I think I just needed to tell someone.


This is the closest I've been to suicide in a long time
I thought i was doing well these past few years, but tonight i just can't shake it. Ive been feeling suicidal for months and it wont leave my head. It's been my backup plan for every situation that goes awry. Hotlines are useless to me, they don't know me, they shouldn't care either. How can i connect to that when it won't even feel genuine? And I feel like I'm bothering everybody else with my problems, and i don't see an end to this. Just looping through the same cycle until I can't take it anymore. Is that what I have to look forward to? There's no hope for me. There's nothing left for me.


Life has no point
It's all just bullshit


Is wanting to die angsty?
Actual question. Im very suicidal and is it angsty to be suicidal?


The downhill of my family makes me suicidal
Everysince my dad made the decision to move us closer to Copenhagen, our family literally went downhill. We used to be a joyful family with a supporting friends in a good city, but that's over.              My little sister claims she's bullied at her new school and often comes home crying, my big sister is alone and depressed as fuck due to high school and loneliness, my mother is trying hard to get hired somewhere but it's impossible in this country and my father recently admitted he's starting to get depressed seeing everyone unhappy.
It's been 3 months and I fucking hate my new high school, isolating myself from everyone. I don't have anybody to talk to and I'm sure my best friends already forgot about me.
My depression and loneliness has literally lead me to suicidal thoughts, but wouldn't that be selfish, especially in the situation my family is in?


Im so incredibly sad
21 (F) Ive been trying to get better for years and years but I’m the exact same maybe worse. I have a full time job that i force myself to go to so i can pay my bills. Im pushing myself to finally graduate high school. (Dropped out from depression/kicked out for not showing up). I reached out to my mother who i haven’t seen in five years a few months ago she said she would help me but hasn’t said a word since. My father sometimes visits me but only to say I’m a failure and need to graduate high school then ill be a value-able person. I haven’t seen friends in years. My happiest moments are getting drunk when i don’t work and blasting music. My girlfriend has lost feelings for me and doesn’t love me like i love her anymore. I keep trying so hard to get better, but i still feel so empty and alone. No matter what i do, work, school, work out, attempt at getting interested in hobbies i cant. I cry and weep all the time and i scream and cry in my sleep. Its an endless circle. I have no motivation to keep carrying on like this. Im so exhausted i sleep so much i cant stand being awake. I dont know what to do. Im seriously considering taking my life , or making it look like an accident. Either way i am so sad.


Everyday and night specially before I sleep I wish to die and then I wake up sad because Im still breathing
If this is how my life is meant to be I don't want it seriously... But I will get myself killed this year eventually I just don't know when or how exactly...  Maybe I will get hit by a car like I almost was the other day because I don't even care to look or wait for the green signs before crossing... But with my luck I will just get fined for it... Maybe I will die of cirrhosis because of the ammount of alcohol I drink everyday, or maybe I will eventually drink myself to death, or maybe I will get tired of waiting for death and haste things up a little bit...If it comes to that I already know when it should be...
How? maybe I should hang myself like someone I knew and I really respect... One of the best persons I ever knew... Actually ironically when I though of 20 ways I could kill myself I gave each one a number and roller a dice of 20 faces and I got hanging... Well I already have more than 20 on that list by no
Edit: I kinda doubt anyone will read this but I wanted to post anyway since I can't tell this to anyone rg because I know how they will react...


Now I’m completely alone
Just pushed away the only person I could talk to about feeling depressed and suicidal. Now I really have no one.
I’m too tired, it’s too painful and I’m alone
I think I’m really going to die today
Edit: still here unfortunately


Im so done
I need help please
Hi I am really trying to hold on but everything makes me feel like my life is crumbling. Last year was the worst year of my life mentally I couldn’t get out of bed for weeks on end. I’m on medication I’ve tried different ones nothing seems to be working. I’ve had my perfect life imagined forever and I can’t cope with it not going this way as ridiculous as that sounds. I’m a senior in hs and a year ago I was on track to do everything I ever wanted and I managed to ruin it for myself. Now I’m trying to catch up on all the shit I messed up and am drowning trying to get stuff done for my dream university. I have been struggling with that and my mom who just manages to drive me completely insane every time she opens her mouth. My mom crushes my at every moment and I really can’t take this right now. I’m struggling so manage with everything and am in so much pain. The only things I will miss are my dad and my pets and that’s not enough for me right now. Please reach out to me I know this isn’t going to solve anything but I need some short term help for getting me through this mess of my life.
- a girl trying to manage


Losing Myself to It Again
To preface, I've posted on here before under a different profile. But recently someone I know found it. But I need to get this out. I've found life unenjoyable again. Every connection there was with my supports, faded to black. Who do I have? Myself again. I'm tired of living just for myself in this moment. Life is so lonely and dull.
My trauma has also come back to haunt me. All those mistakes made by me or someone I trusted... Who is there to turn to? How do I make that support system again? I want to run away from it all. Move cities. Get a new phone. Fall in love. But what do I do? Lay in this cold, somber bed. Even if there's a body next to me, it's not love this time. My body deserves better than this. Yet I harm it in anyway I can. I just know one day people will forget my name one way or another. And I will be for not. Why was I chosen to live?


I want to die but too cowardly to do it.
I have no friends, nobody wants me around and I cant even get any jobs. I have been desperatly looking for 18 months for a job, Ever since my dad passed away in sept my family have not spoken one word to me in that time. I wish most days ( if not all ) that I would pass away in my sleep or something. I take sleeping pills to get to sleep so would hope to OD or something on them


I don't like endorsing it, but seems inevitable.
So, I'm too drunk to give my arguments, so I will just write the conclusion here.
I have come to the realisation that existence is pointless, death inevitable and that the whole universe will have it's atoms spread apart so far that nothing will be. Thus, life is unimportant and inconsequential.
I also decided that my existence is pain and going on with it will only result in more pain. I don't hate living for any particular reason, I just hate 95% of it. The 5% are alcohol and food.
I feel as if dying or living doesn't really make any difference and quite frankly, my death will be a sweet relief of my incessant pain.
Do you, my friends, have any further comments, similar thoughts or disagreements with my thesis?


I need help... I really really need help
I have nothing... No job, no money.
I am in a likely abusive relationship. I don't consider myself to be in a relationship. I hate sex. I hate anything to do with sex. I am repulsed by it.
My mom is also abusive and IDK if she will even let me move home. I have nowhere to go...
Can someone help me with any information?
The only option left to me is to kill myself... I literally cannot see another way out of this situation.
​
Please help... IDK what to do...


I’m killing myself tomorrow
February 21
I don’t know where else to post this, the only other trans subs I know are transgender circle jerk and everyone’s favorite wholesome cat girl sub.
So I’m 13 and ftm, and my mom is not inherently transphobic but doesn’t want me to transition. I can’t stand my stupid hair and body, I want to cut every inch of feminine shit off but I can only cut my arms and legs. my mom told me to wait 5 fucking years to transition and I could barely wait one year if I had to, but 5? By the time I’m 5 I’ll already be everything I don’t want to be. I doubt too many people would even care to much, ironically I think my ex girlfriend would be the most upset.
Jesus Christ I can’t stand myself at this point


I have many reasons to luve, I just don't want to hurt anymore
I have many reasons to live. My 4 month old baby girl. A wonderful man who loves and adores us both. Great siblings and family. A couple friends. Plus more.
However, I wake up every day and am mad I did. Within moments, the hurt is there in full force.
The hurt of knowing I'm not enough for anyone. Even my baby. I love her, I am alive only because of her.
I can't help feeling this way. After what her father did, it never stops. He broke me..absolutely broke me. For months he told me I don't deserve love or to be alive. Nobody deserves the likes of me in their life. The only good I may do, is have this baby and then kill myself. Give her a chance at a good life. Wirh me as a mother, she's doomed to fail. He was there for her delivery and that's it. We haven't seen him since. Or much of anyone. She is well fed, has plenty of clothes, food, diapers. All her essentials. Including Mom's love.
She has a miserable mother who can't do it anymore. She can't keep waking up and faking the happy. I can't keep his words out of my head. I can't breathe, it hurts.
Last month I took a large overdoes of antidepressants. I failed. My niece (28) was here wirh us. She said I was acting funny, but thought I was just tired.
I am sick of being hair trigger angry with fellow adults for being human. Watching the world go by. I've tried joining the world again
Ally thoughts are either baby or his words in my head. I just want to make them quit..I really do.
I can't tell anyone how I feel. What I hear. I wish he had hit me. I was used to that punishment.
My plan is this weekend, I'm going to send baby with a family member and that's it
lights out.


I thought having a plan would make me feel better
I don't see any point in continuing to live. I know it's not going to get better and believing the false idea of "help" only caused things to get much worse. I don't have any living family, no friends, no work, no savings anymore, no home. All I ever wanted was a family of my own and I know without any uncertainty that I will never have it. Living alone this long has been torture; I'm not a loner or selfish type. I am worthy of being loved. I am worth being happy and fulfilled on my terms.
But I won't get that and I know it. I thought making a solid plan and closing all loose ends would bring some peace of mind. It hasn't. I can't get what I'm missing out of my head.
So I guess I'll pull the trigger feeling angry and frustrated and knowing I deserved better.
I didn't even have anyone bother to watch my vlogs, but I wanted someone to know. Reddit is better than nothing, I guess. I doubt anyone reads this, either, but putting it out here. I won't see replies, but will read DMs/chats.


I tried to kill myself one day before my birthday
I felt so alone, my mom was really busy and my dad died few months ago. I wanted to end everything.
I always wanted not to feel pain when i die, so i tried giving me an overdose with some anxiety pills. And then going to sleep.
I felt like shit, so damn selfish. So i vomited all, my mother never new i tried to kill myself. Neither my brothers.
I would try it again, but i'm scared.


Help, I don’t know what to do
In the past months I’ve been depressed, with my mom having cancer, my school oppressing me with homework, my grades are awful and they keep going to my head. I don’t know actually if I want to stay alive (for continuing my life and achieving my dreams) or if I want to kill myself (because I don’t matter to anyone, nobody cares about me). I’m alone, I’ve been alone for too long, I will be alone forever since being too fucking shy comes to this: loneliness. I don’t have any friends that could or would want to come to my little town, I have no siblings, nothing and no one.
I feel like memes don’t make me laugh anymore.
I want to die, but I actually don’t.
I don’t know what to do. I don’t want to talk to anybody that knows me in real life...


*an interesting title*
Everything in my life is falling apart. My girlfriend (if i can still call her that) is acting like she doesn't care, i feel like she has lost interest/losing interest and i cant do shit. My family thinks im a disappointment and they refer to me as a bad example. My friends are ignoring me and are making plans without me involved. I just dont think i can take this anymore. I thought that by posting on reddit i would feel better or something but ive realised that it doesn't matter. Im always going to go through shit like this and just the thought encourages me even more. As im writing this i got pills laid out on the table and i think im actually going to do this. It is sad that ive just written a whole paragraph about wanting to commit suicide like anyone is going to care about it. Goodbye reddit you've been a real one


no future.
I plan to kill myself soon. I have no job, I will be homeless sooner or later. I've been looking for a job for 4 years. No one is hiring for someone that doesn't have a high school diploma and has multiple mental illnesses. Not to mention the fact I have a beard and a deep voice but a big set of breasts. To get them removed I have to jump through hoops because the insurance company's don't give a fuck about trans people. Employers take one look at me when I go in for an interview and immediately change their mind because of this. I can tell. I've applied to every single place hiring within walking distance and they've all declined me. Not even fucking fast food will hire me. I have no transportation anywhere so I have even more limited choices for work. I have no skills. I have no money. I have no support.  I have no future. From the age of 12 I planned to kill myself before I turned 18 so I never planned on being an adult. I'm 18 now and I have no hope left. The only hope I have left in is being dead. I hope I am dead soon.


I tried to kill myself two months ago because my parents won't stop blaming me for my sister's death
Hello, I'm Gretel, 18 year old Mexican female. I want to be brief, I tried to kill myself two months ago. My psychologist told me about this social media site so I come to share what I feel.
I jumped off my house rooftop (3 story-house) butI only broke my arm. I feel stupid because I couldn't kill myself.
All my suicidal thoughts started when at age 5, I accidentally caused an accident which killed my sister. She was my twin, 5 as well. My parents won't stop blaming me for her death. We were playing on my house stairs and I stumbled and made a decoration statue fell on her head. I cannot forgive myself for that even if my psychologist has already told me I'm not the one to blame.
Sorry about my English, I speak Spanish as my first language.


I am going to try killing myself again because I am failing college.
Maybe it will work now, I don't know.


What's the point? literally what's the point when i know i won't missed.
i truly don't understand how i'm even alive, i tried being happy i really fucking tried..i called the suicide hotline about 4 times today and they give the same similar generic answer. i haven't harmed today but i really REALLY want to, i want to end it all. what's the point? i want to at least die peacefully and i don't know how to go about the suicide letters, they are all prepared and ready but how do i give them out? i'm lost i give up and i accept death as a whole.


Don't want to die but don't want to live either!!
My wife left me last year after 23 years she was my everything!! My son 21 and I are left without her in another country 2000 miles away!! She was the love of my life my everything!! I've suffered from depression for years and now I'm at an all time low! I grieve her everyday the pain and the tears wont subside she has cut all contact with me and I can't cope without her!! I have health issues diabetes and heart and now my career seems to be coming to an end?? Very soon I will face the prospect of having no wife no work no home bad health no future!! I've lasted this long for the sake of my son!! Every night I pray not to wake up! Everyday is a nightmare I'm so so sad so weary!! My wife took my future dreams she has been unbelievably cold and uncaring towards me!! My mental health is beyond poor as is my normal health! Now my work is ending I have no money to support my son and I! Within the next couple of months i shall be homeless in a foreign country with little or no prospects of work? I then face a trip back to my own country where I will be homeless and jobless!! My whole life is a total disaster and I still cry for my wife daily!! I'm out of options out of time! I'm scared stiff at the thought of killing myself but I really really don't want to be here anymore I can't cope with all the pain and the sadness!! 5 years ago I had a life saving triple bypass that's when things started to go wrong with my wife?? She said she became my nurse?? Why in hell was I saved to now be faced with all this! I really can't see anyway forward?? xx


How can I die?
I just can’t be bothered with life anymore, I dislike it so much I want to die, please help me achieve this. I can’t use guns in England as well


I don’t want to feel miserable like this
I feel tired every time I wake up and I have no motivation at all and I feel like I am the most useless person in the world. I feel like a piece of shit as well for not hard working for my mother because she helps me a lot. I feel terrible most of the time I feel like killing myself every night my mom goes to work every time I’m by myself. Sometimes I don’t feel anything except feeling the urge to commit suicide every time I pass by the street every time I try to work hard on something I would be depressed and just quit it. I am thinking that what is the point of being alive? I want to just stop I don’t know what is the point on doing this, working hard, when the ww3 had a possibilty of happening I was kinda happy that it will happen cause I wanted to die. I want someone to kill me mercilessly. I feel awful for thinking of this...


Now that we’ve found like minded strangers, now what?
I came here hoping to find that I’m not alone. And I found that. I found a bunch of people as alone as I am. Sad as that is, it’s good. It’s good for lonely people to not be alone even if the reasons they are a lone are not the same. Still. If there are approximately 100k people in this place who are all more or less as alone and fucked up as I am, how do I get up and out? How do I become a better and more attractive person? How do I solve my problems instead of mope about it on the internet? Where are the people I vibe with, I connect with, the people like me in my life? I may not be alone in a lonely life but that doesn’t make me any less alone and sad.


Everyone thinks the pendulum is perpetual until it stops
I've been so tired for so long, but life justs keeps going. I've been in school way too long. I thought I was going to graduate until I found out I fucked up my schedule and I'll be one credit short of graduation. My life is a mistake. I can't continue being here. I just cannot do one more semester.
I've been depressed thoughtout high school and college. Every day, going through the motions becomes more and more arduous. It will hit you like a wave and you'll be immersed in it. No one can pull you out. Everything you are is lost and nothing will be salvaged.
Hopefully tonight is special. I'm ready to let go.


I’m gonna end it, GCSE’s are just too fucking hard to deal with and I can’t see a point in carrying on because I know I’m going to fail
I feel like i crossed a treshold from which I can never come back
I don't know when it happened,maybe it was late November or December but now I'm just getting ready for what feels inevitable
Even so more recently these thoughts have been clouding my head completely "this world was never meant for you" "you are only suffering and making excuses" "even when you try you never even move an inch so what's the point?"
I've come to think of myself as a dying cat,I'm still able to put on a healthy face for all those I'm close with and honestly been keeping it to myself for all except one,but I've stopped trying to make new friends or connections
I completely lack interest in living on,living inside this house,this body,it's hell for me
I constantly have to keep playing,listening to music,clicking buttons anything anything that won't let me alone with my thoughts because they always go back to how much I hate living
I've started not taking showers for days just because of how horrible I feel when I shower,not only do I have to come face to face with my own body but I can't keep the voices from coming
I learned that I can't ever count on anyone,I do mean it,I've always known that certain people wouldn't help me because they didn't want to,even if they said they love you,I never had a problem with that because I knew that wasn't true,I had way too much evidence pointing to the contrary,but a few days ago i realized even those who truly love me won't ever help either,not because they don't care,but because they can't
I'm completely stranded,alone,haven't looked at a friendly face in months and given up on my dreams years ago
Only thing that has kept me alive up until now is how ineffective my methods have been,I'm really afraid of heights and asfixiation,not to mention I never wanted to make a mess,but I never had drugs available to me that were strong enough
Until now
I don't think they're enough either,but they seem to be able to induce coma or death under the right conditions
I'm honestly scared,i stole some of them from under my mom's nose while she wasn't looking,i feel like she knows it because when i checked the next time they weren't there
I'm afraid,afraid that they won't work
And I'm afraid that they will,I don't know why,but the thought terrifies me
I've had them safe and guarded in a place I'm sure no one will find
I feel like my last attempts were my emotions trumping logic,I was able to not kill myself but I couldn't take it,now it feels the opposite,I have nothing going for me,my life is a hellish standstill,I have begun to think of it as euthanasia
I'm at a loss,it's why I'm here in the first place
I'm trapped in a room with no doors or windows
The air is stale
I have been given a knife
I hope it's sharp


Don’t know why I can’t just pull the trigger
I took the pills and drank but I can’t just lend it and I don’t know why


Just got my hands on a bunch more pills
I feel hurrendous for saying I'm excited but Holy fuck I can't wait to make this one count. I think I'm going to do it Thursday. I've got so many more this time. God I can't fucking wait I finally found a way around these stupid safety plans and I can finally fucking do itt thank fuck. My depression meds have been making my dreams wild and I keep on having nightmares about failed attempts. Can't wait to make this one count.


I wish I had killed myself when I was 8
I wish i had killed myself when i was 8. Thats the first thought of self hatred and my first attempt. 14 years and countless attempts later, and i still cant think of one thing i like about myself. I decided when i was 13 not to be selfish, that I would wait for my mother to pass so no one would be hurt. I dont want to keep waiting. But i dont want to lose my mother.


Not doing it anymore. I’m killing myself before the end of 2020.
I’m done. I can’t do this anymore. I’m trans, so there’s one big reason. Being trans fucking sucks, it’s not this beautiful amazing thing the media paints it to be, it FUCKING SUCKS. I gotta deal with shit nobody else in the fucking world ever even thinks of. Have barely any support. Going to undeniably lose my brothers, who are the closest people in the world for me. I lost the girl I love, and I’d do anything to get her back but I never fucking will. I’m being set up for failure by being forced into college after I graduate. I can’t transition in college, have no money, and no idea what I want to do. So I’m done. I’m killing myself around the time I graduate or soon after my birthday. I tried to kill myself last month but I guess I didn’t take enough pills. Fuck everything, fuck this world. I’m done.


Just got up from my desk to get water at work and decided I'm going to slit my wrists tonight.
This isn't normal and I know I shouldn't think like this but I'm in constant pain. And I keep spiraling thinking about how I'm shit at every single thing i do. I can't even stop crying. I dont know where to go... nothing helps.


any way out of this
just tested my partial suspension “setup” different ligatures etc. different placements, none even got me lightheaded. im going insane right now, like what if magically its impossible for me to do this? what if i’m trapped here for ever


Goodbye for good
I am at the train tracks rn. Sitting here on the tracks I feel peace. I’m ready to go. Everything will soon be over. I hope you all get out of the way you’re feeling. But I never did. The train usually passes around 4:45. I will just lay here and enjoy the sky until then. Goodbye friends


(not suicidal, just depressed and need advice)
Hey, sorry I tried to post this on r/teenagers but I have a low karma threshold :/
Anyway, yes I know in 10 years I won't care but this matters to me now.
Okay so, i'm in 8th grade and I have a "best" friend for 4 years. She has a lot of mental health problems but so do I. I'm always there for her and stuff (or at least I try) and I even helped her clean her room when she was depressed. In our relationship I usually feel like i'm always starting conversations and doing most of the work. However this has gotten worse lately. She never talks to me about anything. She got into trouble that she told me only after I pressed her about drugs and stuff. Now her depression and anxiety has gotten so bad that she is going to a mental health program to deal with stuff. Good for her. (One last thing, she posted on YOLO that anonymous app, saying that "I wasn't as good of a friend as I thought I was" and stuff. I know it was her cause it used words only she used and she was the only person at that point to look at my post. For the record, I have talked her through 5 public mental breakdowns, and taken 4 years of her shit. I'm doing my best and when i'm upset she handles it so badly). A few months ago we were at a thing and I find her crying in the hallway. Being a good friend I do my best to comfort her-missing 20 minutes of work I could be doing. Anyway she has a whole rant and stuff and I say stuff that I really regret now. She was talking about how messed up her life was and how she needed to fix her problems with her sleep and her friends and stuff. The 2 things I should not have said are "If they're really your friends they'll be there as long as you need" and "I will never leave you". Now I want to leave but I feel trapped. I don't want to break my promise or hurt her more than she already is, but it's making me more depressed and If I was her I couldn't take someone I cared about leaving me when I'm in such a fragile spot....
Please tell me what I should do.


I feel hopeless every single day
It’s hard to fully grasp my own emotions and I can hardly control them. Everyday I feel insufferable emotional pain and everyday I tell myself I’m going to do it and end it all. I could never bring myself to but I feel like I have absolutely no hope in life and I don’t think I’ll ever be completely happy. I have a boyfriend I love with all my heart, but my depression ruins that as well. I feel like no one truly understands how this is affecting me and I feel like no one understands me in general.


Was optimistic about finally getting a job but now it doesn’t look like I’ll get it
I’ve been unemployed for about two years and I finally got a job interview a few weeks ago. It did seem promising that I’d be hired because I had to go in for a fingerprinting but that was weeks ago and it’s not looking good. I feel like I was never meant to be anything. I wish I had the nerve to kill myself but even I fail at a suicide attempt. I just want to die.


please just make it stop I’m so fucking tired
I’m pretty damn low right now
I’ve struggled for a long time with anxiety and depression. I’ve got a history of drug and alcohol abuse. It’s caused rifts in my family and problems in my relationship with my fiancé. I over drink, I hate myself. I just quit my job outright yesterday before my shift started because it stresses me out so much I literally couldn’t take it anymore.
Now I’m unemployed and trying to find a job asap because I feel like a fucking mooch. I can’t be jobless, we can’t afford it. I can’t go to the doctor because the job I left hadn’t even allowed me to get any insurance yet. My parents want to put me back on theirs because I’ve still got time (I’ll be 26, that’s the latest my parents can help me in the US). So I have to tell them that I quit my job, after already having a mental health crisis one week ago and trying to assure them I’m fine.
Guys, I’m not fine...


I can’t anymore
I just have so much going on all of the time. I was physically, sexually, and verbally abused for most of my life. I’m honestly trash and nothing I do will ever be good enough for anyone. I tried killing myself back in July. Came home from inpatient and nothing changed... which made it worse. New Years I decided to leave all of that behind, you know new year new me bullshit. I was happy for the first time in EVER. Then everyone in my life crapped on me everyday until I finally broke. My health is shit, my mental heath is shit, and I’m broke because I can’t work. Really I just want to run away but with no money where can I go. I’m trapped.


The Feeling is here again
Everything right now is overwhelming me. I think tonight is my final night of sadness, but maybe the beginning of peace.


My thoughts
Honestly feel like I know how I’ll die. I’ll die to a bullet in some form or another. I have really strong intrusive thoughts sometimes about killing myself, not that I want to, but it’s something that I can’t get out of my head sometimes. Going into law enforcement which is something I love, but the suicide rate for male police officers is crazy high. So either one day I’ll end up shot by someone or I’ll end up acting on one of mine..


Gave up on medication and therapy. Should I go back?
I quit it all because it was making it worse. I’m so paranoid. Even after the medication I still am.
I haven’t been to the doctor in months and I haven’t taken any medication for months. Is there a point in going back? I feel like I’m going to feel like this forever.
If I fail so badly and don’t become a doctor that I want to be, I am going to put a shotgun to my head and blow it. I feel like my life is ticking down to that acceptance letter moment. I can’t live like this, but any other way of life is foreign and scary.
Tonight just feels like a scary night. All I can think about is ways to kill myself without my parents being sad. How I can cover it up.


I dreamt of happiness
Last night I had such a good dream. I usually have terrible sleeping problems and terrible dreams but this one was different. I felt happy and I met a girl who accepted me. I felt connected to someone for the first time in years. I even became aware of me dreaming, trying not to wake up and stay in it. When I woke up I was torn apart. Left to experience my same old day to day miserable life. Nobody there to accept me and only there for the amusement of others. I wish I had never woken up.


I sometimes cry while remember holding my ex-girlfriend’s hand. She broke up with me 6 years ago.
More than anything else in the world I want a girlfriend. More than anything else I can imagine I want a girlfriend.
That is my only goal in life. Well, I suppose I have other goals too, but that’s the only goal I actually give a fuck about accomplishing.
Thank you for indulging my rant.


i honestly don’t know if it will ever get better
I have almost no social interaction. I only talk to 2 people regularly (only at school) and find pleasure in close to nothing. It seems like a chore to wake up and go through my daily routine, because I know that today, tomorrow, the day after, and every day of the year will be the exact same shit. I’ve voiced my concerns to my parents and they’ve been telling me that it will get better and that I will have fun for the past year and a half. Nothing’s changed. I hate my life. Every little inconvenience, such as my headphones tangling, makes me want to kill myself. The only reason I haven’t yet is because I was promised that it gets better, but it seems that the only people I can talk to just won’t listen.


I’m scared to go back to school
You see I am a 17 year old with autism, anxiety  and OCD I feel younger than I actually am and Most of my friends are younger than me between the ages of 13 to 15 all I’ve ever wanted in life was love so earlier this year I found out my friend who was 13 had a crush on me I know I maybe shouldn’t have dated him but my parents told me it was fine and my psychologist told me it was perfectly legal as long as we didn’t have sex and healthy because I’m younger mentally I was incredibly happy until he broke up with me I can’t handle myself in extreme situations because of some of my conditions and I usually end up doing something I regret and that’s what I did I said I was gonna kill myself just because I felt an overwhelming feeling of sadness at that time now he hates me And his sister is telling everybody about the age gap out of context to make me look bad I’m just scared to return to school because I already have OCD That likes to torture me and tell me things that aren’t true now kids at my school actually think some of those horrible things about me I just feel like killing myself right now at least I would’ve kept my promise to my ex


Not sure what to do with my life anymore, everything seems like a dead end
I tried everything I can do, but I am sure there are higher forces preventing me from doing anything. :/


When people go through with it, most people say they were good people. I know when I do it a lot of people will be happy and not say the same.
This world hate me
Everyone in this world hates me. No one likes me. No one wants me. No one wants to do anything with me. No one wants to be my friend. Everyone just leaves me. I don’t get it. I didn’t do anything wrong to anyone. Why is everyone in this world cruel to me?


A final goodbye
I have created a new account, so I don’t post this on my main one.
I just wanted to say goodbye cause I am done. I am fucking sick of life, I’m sick of going nowhere, constantly being a failure, being so alone and lonely all the time. I am just absolutely done now and don’t want to continue trying and failing anymore. Things are not only not getting better, they are faster and faster getting much worse for me.
To my parents, if you are reading this, I’m sorry, it’s not anything you did specifically. I’m just not cut out for this world, for life, for anything quite frankly. I know you always told me to keep going and keep trying cause things will get better for me. Well I’m just sorry to say that things are only getting worse for me. And I’m done trying and subsequently failing over and over, I can’t put up with it anymore.
And to Claire, if you are somehow reading this, I still love you and always will till my final moment. You were the best thing that ever happened to me, truly. I understand your reasons why you just had to be yourself when you told me that last year. You have to do what is best for you, and I would never stand in you way from doing what you felt was best for you, but that doesn’t mean it hasn’t killed me inside every day being apart from you. The time we spent together is truly one of the only thing I have in my life I can look back on and smile, because you did make me so happy! I know we won’t be together again, and that knowledge kills me. But no matter how long it’s been since we last spoke or seen each other, I still think about you every day. I hope you are doing well, and I really hope you find true happiness in your life, because you really deserve it. I love you Claire, and always will.
I’m sorry to everyone. I just cannot cope with life anymore. I don’t want to carry on. The pain, the hurt, the failure, everything, it’s all too much for me and I just don’t want to deal with it anymore.
Goodbye


No Future/Wasted a Year
I always had few friends. I always envisioned myself escaping from this shithole of a country. I screwed up in college and when I tried applying for foreign programs my past still haunts. Only people I talk to are my parents. I have no job. I stay at home and do nothing. I'm planning on drowning myself if I don't receive any decisions by March. I tried numerous times but was too chicken to go along with it. The only painless methoud I could find was an exit bag but there are no places nearby which sell helium. Drowning seems to be the best option I reckon.


I failed but he succeeded?
I've been having a lot of guilt. My childhood best friend was successful in his attempt over a year ago. And I miss him, so much. I've become really close to his brother (We are now in seperate states) and now I almost feel guilty for still being around? Or like..regret I moved away from him and we lost touch? Or guilty I almost did this to my family? It's just overwhelming guilt. And to make matters worse I have like very conflicting romantic/friendship feelings towards his brother, and I'm pretty sure it is ONLY because of trauma bonding but it still sucks cause I'm in a relationship and happy. Just needed to vent I guess.


Brother May be suicidal i dont know what to do
He is 20M. He recently lost his girlfriend to cancer. Which put him to the lowest point he has ever been in his life. He has a medical issue that is causing his a great deal of physical pain that he is working toward getting fixed but is a long progress. He talked to me about how he is in such emotional pain and physical pain and he doesn't know how much more he can take. I told him he should get help and that it's ok to get help but he says that unless someone can bring his dead girlfriend back or start paying his medical bills that there is nothing anyone can do. He is questioning his faith, his will to live, everything. As his twin brother what do i do? He is a adult so i can't force him to get help but i am worried for him deeply and dont know what to do!


i can't do this anymore
im tired. im so tired of everything. i'm sorry


Don't you guys get bored from life?
Its the same shitty reality, you are born as a slave, manipulated as slave from your parents, and instead of they pushing you to be better they f***** ruin you. They try to manipulate and get involved anywhere in every aspect of your life. Then they will blame you that you are incapable to  do anything. You will feel bad depressed sad and you will try your way out. You will approach a girl with a miserable 0 vibe and guess what she will reject you. What's the stupid point of this shit world. You will graduate, get a job and get stuck in your 9 to 5. When you get home you will eventually be tired to do anything. What's the stupid point. I just wanted to be happy and thanks for some people I really became happy. I am like a  tickling bomb that will explode. My mind maybe is telling the right thing to do.
TLDR: Please don't waste your time on this piece of poor grammar shit post.


I don't know why I want to do this.
I'm a 18M living a normal life. I'm from a middle class family that can afford more than basic necessities and I haven't faced any kind of hardships. But I have no willingness to continue living and for the past 2 years I have come close to trying to end it all. I do not seek pain or have a constant feeling of wanting to hurt myself. I just wanna stop existing. I feel useless and I don't see a point in waking up each day. I feel like a leech at times. I am unable to focus on studies or do anything productive as I feel like I do not want to live anymore. I am not an immediate suicide risk, but I am scared that nothing is going to stop me. More like I do not have a reason to stop.


I can't. It hurts. Please make it stop. Please.
do you think it’ll work if i take enough trazodone, wait to get drowsy, then lay down and put a bag over my head?
i have quite a lot of the pills. and i cut the waistband out from some old pjs. that when wrapped around twice it is tight to my neck but not restrictive, so i should be able to sleep. am i just setting up for disappointment? i hate myself a lot but i’m trying to make this final decision comfortable. but i’m so close to just digging a knife into my neck and wiggling it around. i deserve the pain. i just think it might be nicer to go out with a nap and not blood gurgles. especially cause i do have family.


I am very very down today. I have no way of hurting myself, but I have caught myself thinking that being dead would be much better than living with my situation. It feels hopeless. Help :(
Last year
My world is overwhelming at the moment so I’ve decided to end it all in a year. That way no matter how bad today is I’ll never have to face another 28th of January. I’m probably just fooling myself but it seems to be helping


help
I don’t want to feel like this i don’t want to end my life


Girlfriend contemplating suicide
Hi.
My girlfriend of 3 years has had some pretty tough days, and been down to point of were she doesn't want to talk, or in general do anything. I came home today, to her laying in her bed starring into the wall, and just crying.
I tried to comfort her, but she "doesn't" want to talk about it. I gave her a little room yesterday to breathe, as she usually wants to process her thoughts first, before wanting to talk about them.
Finally I made some grounds, and she told me that she is tired of fighting and just wants to end it all. I off course told her otherwise, but she believes, that she isn't worth anything and the world would be a better place without her, and she stands her grounds on that.
I maybe became a little frustrated, and now she feels like I blame her (for wanting to kill herself) instead of trying to comfort her.  I think I got scared for a moment, and I really tried to understand her feelings, but how couldn't I? Was she expecting me to just lay down and accept that my girlfriend wants to fucking end her life?
I found out by reading in her journal (yes, I know. Bad move, but I was worried, as she has tried to commit suicide before), that she maybe plans to kill herself this Thursday. I will be calling her treatment-center tomorrow, to tell them everything.
She suffers from Schizotypy, and is in threatment. Actually, for the first time in her life, the treatment actually works, and she is making progress, but she feels that whatever she does, and no matter the treatment, she will never be able to work or function in this society (which is a lie. She just needs to start out slowly).
I know, you guys can't do anything. I'm just lost. She is the love of my life, and I just can't get her out of this hole. I feel useless.  I guess I just needed to get it out to someone.


I don't wanna do this anymore.
I've fallen in love, hard. I have bpd, am an alcoholic and only one week clean of self harm. I'm on antidepressants and they're making me suicidal as fuck. I prepared a letter in case I ever decide to get drunk and down all my pills, about 80 should do the trick. maybe not today but I can't keep living with the anxiety I deal with, the paranoia and recently, hallucinations. I'm a trans guy and I'll never go on hormones since it's so hard in my country to get them. Like, 4 people or so have to confirm that you're indeed "ill" and therapy doesn't work. And I'm too socially incapable to get all the calls done and stuff. I've been sick from work for more than a week now due to my depression and all the meds did so far was give me 4 panic attacks and suicidal thoughts and the hallucinations. I hate myself for falling for who I fell for. He doesn't like me back at all, he's always so cold and reserved to me and I feel like my life can't keep going like this. I don't know what job I wanna do for the rest of my life and I have to apply until like mid February. Not today, but I'm sure I won't live to be 18 on October 5th. If I try and get help, I can't go on T for even longer and that'll worsen my problems. So death it is.


I’m too weak to kill myself
I can’t do it


ironic
Over the years I basically read books on suicide.
​
I going to job interviews after they have seen my CV afterwards they will not except the job reference.
The ironic thing is that there is actually a shortage of people qualified to do the work that I am interested in doing.
​
Still I do not get the job.
​
I haven't gotten the dark soul crushing thoughts just have thoughts that I know that I could end my life. I know how to do it.


i can’t.
i feel so done with life. i’m in my early-mid 20s with no job experience and living with a parent. nevermind i do actually have experience, i held a job down for a full hour before having a panic attack and walking out. i feel so hopeless, i can’t take care of myself with my crippling anxiety and depression. i don’t go to therapy because i can’t afford the gas money to get there. so i don’t think i’m going to be accepted for any type of ssi or disability. every bill is past due, they have turned my internet off multiple times, and they have turned the water off today, seemingly for a good long while, and showering is how i cope with my anxiety..  i don’t have friends, just one. and i don’t have family. i don’t even understand the concept of family. my future is me ending up alone when my parents die and become homeless and resort to killing myself. i would love to kill my self right now so i don’t have to live through the torture anymore, but my anxiety keeps me alive. i hate it. i don’t want this life anymore.


Ideation again.
I'm tired. I'm exhausted. I'm fed up from feeling this way in the cycle again. It always comes in waves and cycles. If only I could convince myself that I don't want to do this. But if I forcefully snap myself out of the ideation, then I feel angry, like I'm lying to myself. I keep saying I have no plan, yet sometimes when both the mania and depression are at an all time high, I can't talk myself down. Sometimes I think I might actually go through with it one day. Yet I just stay in bed, instead of acting on the urges.
I'm too scared of botching it and living with the consequences. Most times I'm too high to talk myself down.
My inner critic keeps saying I should do it. That it would be more dignified, than fruitlessly trying to prolong my pathetic existence. That it is the honorable thing to do, compared to inflicting myself on the world. I keep saying I'll exist out of spite. Because that's the only mantra that's effective enough to override the shame of living. I feel like I need to die because my depression makes me useless. I feel I need to die because of everything I've ever done wrong. For every negative impact I've ever made. Yet redemption is completely impossible. Dead or alive. I'm tired of being a waste of space. I'm tired of being too depressed to function. I'm tired of whining about being depressed and useless, while I lay down, wallowing in sorrow. Tired of being pathetic, weak, and helpless.


Hey?
I've been struggling with suicidal thoughts and have taken 26 tablets of propranolol at 10mg each. Should I tell someone, like 999 or someone?
I just dont know what to do anymore, and I dont see the point in living. I feel so alone right now.


Where is the best place to cut?
Preferably in parts it wont be seen and not that painful.


Well I'd kill myself
But somehow I'm the best option for my 3 year old. I'm trapped.


I ruined my own life with both weed and social media. How do I recover? (24/m).
I embarrassed myself online loads of times.
When I was high, there are several various occasions where I misunderstood something and humiliated myself.
Lot of typing errors, misunderstandings, even drunk intoxicated posts I later regret.
I have posted hundreds of embarrassing posts on social media from 2008-present.
The bullying and unwanted thoughts don't stop.
I am a human being with friends family and loved ones.
I am in pain 1,400 minutes of the 1,440 minutes of a day.
40 minutes of pleasure.
1400 minutes of I wanna blow my brains out.
I'm addicted to weed and a perverted idiot with a low self-esteem.


I'm going to commit suicide.
I'm 24, I can't call anybody for help, the illness is not letting me do that. I can't do it anymore, I'm tired.


Send help plz
I'm having a really hard time today. Please send me things that make u happy. Like the smell of cinnamon rolls etc
I'm trying to keep going rn


.
I have been losing hope as I go down the list of resources and options left. I have tried just about everything to numb this permanent state of feeling worthless. I don't know why i'm writing this.
I have been taking a lot of drugs either to kill me or give me some kind of fictional revelation that things will get better. Last night I took a mix of a tremendous amount of drugs thinking it would either do the job or give me some short term relief.
This all happened in my mind so vividly due to the drugs that I felt every moment of it and at the time truly believed it was reality in the moment. I said the old prayers my Nonna taught me to say every night and felt so close to her. I felt her agony seeing me in this condition. I remember writing a letter to my 3 remaining family members. I wrote about stories of old vacations and how i'm sorry that I have to leave. I wrote out who gets what of my possessions among my friends. In my mind I vividly remember shooting myself in the head. I remember the solace in knowing that moments from now it would be over. I woke up when I shot myself but it felt so real that I didn't open my eyes until the sunlight beamed from my window hours after I woke up. I was scared to move because I didn't know if I was dead or alive. The reason this is killing me is I was sad that I was still here. I truly believed I was dead. I was anticipating waking up in purgatory or hell or nothingness. I cried when I woke up because I thought this hell was over. It felt so real I was absolutely sure it was in reality and not in my head. I'm ashamed to feel this way. I feel half dead, i fully committed and really did it, but it was all in my mind. I feel like a dead man walking in a weird way.


Wish I were gone
The only reason I'm still here is I can't ruin my kids lives. That is all.


Lucky one (30f)
I should be on the top of the world. Great house, cute cat, pretty clothes, well educated, great career, great naughty side hustle and still the thoughts of suicide haunt me day in and day out. My friends who envy me make comments on my “so called” perfect life but all it does it depress me more. It pisses me off more when they think I have no right to even think like this because I’m o so blessed ha yea.
I hate the most when people talk you down from the ledge while making you seem crazy or weird.
I see death as a pure release, an ultimate spiritual awakening, a gift for the soul released from bondage. I wish death was viewed in a better way rather than a cowards escape. I find the thought of transition blissful.
Just venting


life sucks and.....
i am shit


Another tearful morning
Again I woke up today with more than just dread for the day but agony from having to continue in this life.
I’m 21 now but have been depressed for several years and have only learned more about it as it got worse. The past 2 years I’m depression has taken a nose dive. I know that I’m passed the point of return because my life now is just a self fulfilling prophecy from my teenage years when I tried to keep this lowlife from happening but still believing it would happen anyway. Since attempting suicide on my birthday last year I’ve been actively committed to ruining my life; relationships, career, health. Making decisions that I knew would drive me towards a successful suicide. Maybe I wanted to feel in control. This morning I realized how close I was because I’m the fleeting moments where the fear and sadness are inevitable, I realized I had no one left to go to. If I killed myself my former friends wouldn’t ever know because my family never cared who I was friends with.


The only thing I genuinely want in my life is to die.
I just can't take it anymore. I'm so tired of being upset and regretting everything about my life.
My anxiety pushed away the best person who's ever been in my life and I just hate myself so much because of it. There's no possibility of us reconnecting she's out of my life for good and it's all my fault. My thoughts are just constantly pushing the idea of dying and these days it's sounding more and more like a good idea. I just don't want to kill myself, but I wish something would end my misery. I don't even know how I would kill myself, but I'm starting to think of ways to do it. If it wasn't for my mother I think I'd have killed myself long ago these days though, I'm edging closer to the idea of ending it myself since nothing else seems to want to take me out of my misery, if you want something done you gotta do it yourself right?
I'm not okay. I don't know what to do anymore.


My life isn’t worth living
I screw everything up that I try, my stupid mental illness means I have no one to turn to. I just don’t think there’s a point anymore


honestly life is shit
what is the point anyways


A friend of mine has parents that hate him
My friend messaged me a text saying that his dad told him if i had to choose the dog or you i would pick the dog because it doesn't get everything wrong and he's been saying he's going to kill himself im looking for ways to talk him down and help him i don't live near him anymore though


I don't want to be a burden anymore
I'm 18 and I don't have a job, my medication is expensive and doesn't work right. I try to help by cleaning the house and cooking but most days its hard for me to even get out of bed. I hate being like this. I know I'm a burden but I don't know how to stop. I'm scared to die but I don't want to be alive anymore. I keep waking up wishing I had died in my sleep or I'll walk into the street and hope that i get hit by a car. I want to kill myself but I've been too much of a coward to try. I'm not nothing but a burden on my family and they would be better off without me.
I just don't want to be a burden.


I have no life anymore ... time to say goodbye
Me and my ex have been together for 1.5 years with a lovely relationship at first, she loved me alot and has been the best gf i had .
We had no sex during this time because she wanted to stay virgin till marriage until one day she told me to make it from the back .
Unfortunately i was not able to have erection because i was on antidepressants and I couldn't tell her because she wouldn't accept it as for depression she would thought about it as psychological problems ( i know her very well ) .
She never allowed me to try it back again we only would make it out through ( handjob , blowjob,ect...) . And it was normal with erection for like 6 times and failed with two due to emotional stress i had .
One day after making out she dumped me out of the blue without telling me the reason saying im a good guy and treats women very well but we are not a match .
Me and my ex works together at the same place with people who know me and my family very well and found out that my ex told someone that the reason she dumped me for was my bad erection and that person spread it all around .
I know myself very well and i have no problem with erection and i know the reason that happened to this but i have been in a very had depression for 4 months because of what happened and I can't stop people from talking about it and girls started to avoid me because of my erection rumor ( can't get a gf anymore )
TLDR; i have no problem with erection but my ex spread it as i have erectile dysfunction and I can't get out of depression ( im dying inside everyday ) and I don't know what to do anymore the pain is killing me every second and people started to bully me every i was a good successful guy that everyone wants to keep around
Everything is destroyed
Bye


I have a problem.
I can't remember my own parent's phone numbers for shit, but I know the national suicide hotline by heart.
1 800 273 8255


This is the first time I’ve still felt suicidal after an attempt
I attempted last night. The knife wasn’t sharp enough. I’m still thinking of ways to end it. The only two options left is an overdose or jump off my very short balcony in hopes of me dying but it’s not even enough to break a leg. I’m just fucking done with suffering. I’m done with worrying other people. The only way to stop both is to end it. This isn’t for help. This is basically a goodbye. If I don’t manage to kill myself in the next few days then I will post something.


Why do I feel the urge to kill myself when I see people socializing?
It’s probably because I am not blessed with the level of charisma a lot of people were born with. I mean, who wants to be with someone whose personality is that of a cardboard box?


A need to communicate.
I have been writing there a lot. The thing is I am going through a very rough time, slowly getting professional help. I feel constantly terrified and suicidal. Each time I get home I break down. At night too. I am very isolated. A lot on the internet has been very toxic to me but I have nowhere else for now. All the negativity is pulling me down and producing more stress. I feel too lonely in my breakdowns. They seem unbearable and last until I get sick or sleep. I just wish I could feel safe somewhere instead always being in a state of fear and need to hide from everyone or be prepared to fight back. I need some good people around me. I'm going crazy.


My eyes just look so dead
I look at old pics of mine, and it looked like I had so much more life in my eyes. I remember the raw energy and excitement I had to take on the world. Might sound trivial speaking like this at 24, but I feel old already. Don’t relate to most people my age cause I’m not on social media or anything. Fucked up in school and working by either being distracted or behind a loser druggie. I seen multiple members of my family go to prison.
Seen someone very close to me commit suicide. Seen the same happen to a friend. Seen my dad lose his job and force to burn through his retirement, knowing my loser ass hasn’t helped him. I’ve seen my entire family fall apart to be honest. Nowadays, I just live with aggressive alcoholics, and I work a dead end job. My mind is really good at tricking myself into thinking I’m doing anything important. But I know I ain’t. I’m a fucking loser. Every experience I’ve had with a girl has been paid for. The first date I’ve had, and she ghosts me after too.
Hahahah, I don’t even care to be honest anymore. I’m just so numb to all this


One week ago, I failed
Last week, I OD'd paracetamol mixed with coffeine and ibuprofen.
I failed. I had stomach pains for some days and my kidneys hurted, but I didn't die. I hate myself, I failed everything, I disappointed my parents, teachers and friends.
Now I sit here, even more desperate than ever before. Every hour is filled with suicide thoughts, I have three other plans to die, I have nothing left to lose. I'm on a point, where nothing is, everybody is in  heavenly spheres of happiness, except me. I'm such a disappointment. I shouldn't be alive anymore.


sad
i feel like I have no life, it is just very easy for me to say that. I have no life. I have no life, I do not have a life. I wish I’m already a part of something. A lot of times I just don’t feel like I’m a part of anything. I don’t feel like it’s necessary for me to live right now. I don’t think I matter. I’m just there, all I do is wrong. I can’t get it out of my head. It is difficult. Sometimes I can’t breathe just thinking about how I can’t breathe. I want to like myself. I want to love myself. But I just wish I am interested at people. When I am, I tell it straight to their face. Am I just trying to be edgy? I ask myself that question all the time. Because a lot of times when I ask myself that question, I just want to die. I just don’t mind not existing if that question is to be brought up. I especially hate it when my sisters trigger me. A lot actually. I get triggered by them so much, they just couldn’t deal with me, I think. That is exactly why I punched myself in the face, because they made me feel like a creep. Like I’m so unlikeable, like I’m just asking for attention. But really, I’m just trying to live my best life, trying all the things that I want to do. I am trying to be non-toxic to myself. To others, to my friends. I readily don’t feel like I have any friends. It’s hard to reach out when every time I see people, my friends, they do not want to be intimate with me. I feel like all my friendships, the best kinships I’ve ever experienced were with people that are able to become vulnerable. I feel like I’ve put myself in vulnerable positions very frequently, however I’ve also felt burnt out very frequently. I’m tired of living. I am scared. But I don’t want to die, I want to live and be happy. I feel disgusting almost all the time. My butt hurts. When it hurts, it is a constant reminder that I’m disgusting and unlikeable. I hate myself so much I just want to become a void. A black void, oh I will be! I cried a lot, I’ve wasted a lot of time. I love wasting time, that is my best expertise. Why is it so hard to keep my butt clean? I heard my butt smells also come out of my mouth. My little sister, my older sister and myself, we are all so equally disgraceful and unpleasant in our own ways. Like I’ve said, I don’t like myself. I wish I’ve died. I’ve seen them giving hard times to other people, and I’ve seen myself giving so much difficult times to other people. I feel like I’m just a burden .x


I went into my mother's house again, all the memories came rushing back and I don't know if I can do this
I went back into my mother's house after a year and a half, and now here I am lying in bed with a razor and a surgical blade next to me ready to cut deeper then I ever have before, memories came back that I didn't even know I had, I can't fucking do this, I've tried killing myself multiple times because if her and she called me a fucking liar in the courthouse, every therapist or concellor besides two called me a liar, psychologists have said she is a lovely woman and I'm just being dramatic but for fuck sakes she would beat me, constantly scream at me, punish me for what my brother did, she watched me being molested and did nothing about it when I was 11, she left me alone when I was fucking 3 with a convicted pedophile multiple times, I wasn't allowed to eat, would call me a fat cunt even though i was underweight, every individual rib was visible I literally had an anorexic body besides my arms and legs for some reason, I could fit 2 fingers under my collar bone 3 fingers between my shoulder blade and ribcage, but no she is fucking perfect, then to top it all off she fucking abandoned a 14 year old (me) at 11pm 3 (4 if it happened about 300 metres back)  suburbs away from the closet place I could go which I was locked out of because no-one was home so after I got there I was just sitting, waiting 100 metres away from 2 convicted pedophiles


I am going to do it
I have been in pain for too long. I have hated myself for too many years. Today i will do it. At midnight. Im sorry. Help me


Please help
So im 13 years old and i really dont know what to do. I feel like killing myself would be the best. I live a decent life in Sweden with a brother and parents. We live in a small apartment. Im sharing my room with my brother. I have a pc and i like playing videogames but mymom hates it. I bought the computer myself and my parents didn't give me money at all. Me and my mom argue sometimes about games and that i should study and most of the time it ends up bad. Sometimes i feel really bad and this time it was the worst. I want to end all this with me killing myself. Im really trying to search for help. Please anyone


Failing a final course of college.
Was supposed to graduate, ended up failing a critical course that I needed to graduate in the USA. Have to Go back in the fall to repeat said course. Will loose my job and passion in the process. How do I find the will to deal with another fucking year of failure? That is 100% my fault? I cannot even begin to describe how much I hate myself for this. I have struggled academically for YEARS and I can't even graduate. Unsure how to continue on...
Also should be noted I'm lying to all of my friends and family. I didn't know that I failed until a few days ago after all the stupid celebrations.


I don't think I'm strong enough for life
Everything hurts way more than it should. The good drives me crazy and the bad leaves me wishing I had killed myself long before the good could be taken. I'm worried about who will leave me next, who will hurt me next, who will die next? What will go wrong next? I can't trust anything good because without a doubt it will be taken. That's a simple fact of life, nothing good lasts forever, but I'm not able to handle that. I can never get over it. I don't know how to cope with even imagining the possibility of losing everything. I'd rather die and leave those people and possibilities behind before they can hurt me first. Either that or commit social suicide and ensure nobody ever gets attached to me again, only to be disappointed by my true self. I'm tired. I can't really hang on much longer.


Can’t get a depressing situation off my mind, it’ll end up killing me
A month ago the person I love most in the world got engaged. I can’t get her off my mind and it makes me paralyzed with depression. This situation won’t change and I can’t seem to change my mind about it.


I don't know what am i going trough
Hi guys...
I've occasionally lurked in this community and since i don't know where else to ask i will do it here.
It's been almost 10 years and all i feel is emptiness whenever i am alone/doing nothing and pretty severe sadness when i fuck up something.
The thing is that this sadness brings me to what i think are suicidal thoughts.
I keep thinking at suicide methods (especially hanging) and the thoughts keep going for hours.
I am not planning suicide but the thought of it makes me feel... less stressed...
Is this something that can be stopped?
​
Thanks


its like a vicious loop
literally the only way to stop it is to die or keep numbing myself


How can the help me in treatment for depression?
Hello. I'm going to be accepted into an outpatient program in a few days.  But just seems pointless to me now, I don't have any hope that it is going to fix anything.   A psychologist asked me how I would notice if I started to feel better and honestly, I have no idea. I had months to think about this. I already ordered what I need to kill myself online, but it will probably take a few weeks until it arrives. What holds me back the most is my fear of dying alone. Does anyone here have experience with outpatient treatment?


Somebody please help me find a legal safe way to end this suffering.
I've heard there's countries that offer euthanasia to lost causes like me. I would really appreciate if I could make this suffering end. I am so lonely and never manage to find anyone regardless of where I look. This is just never gonna get better, nobody wants a pile of rubbish like me in their lives and the only people who were nice live so far away I never get a chance to meet anyone. I just want this to stop please, it would mean the world to me. I can't handle this anymore, please anybody I'll let you do anything to me I promise I just want this to stop.


I’m going to do it in 6 hours
Gonna go home, grab a Starbucks on the way and then finally end things. I’m so tired of it all


Should I tell my gf that I'm depressed and suicidal?
My story
I dont have much time left. I've been thinking about that a lot lately, but I know the consequences. No one can afford a Therapist, it's too expensive here.
Well. Anyways..


Hard to Talk
I have a really hard time talking to people. Expressing myself is really hard. It makes me anxious, sad, nervous, makes me feel like I'm a burden and that I'm being inconvenient.
Sometimes it doesn't really bother me, but I've been letting people go more and more because of this fear, and no matter how hard I try, I can't talk to them. I really want to, but it's scary, it's bad. I'd rather lose them and be alone than making them feel uncomfortable.
And I've been noticing that everytime I want to talk to someone and just can't, I instantly start to feel bad, no matter how great my day was before.
I know that it will get better eventually and that the feeling wil go away, but I just can't help but think that I'll nver be able to connect to anyone, that whatever I say is insignificant and inconvenient.
Today I was feeling okay, butit just happened and now I'm not so good anymore. There's someone that I really want to talk to, but I just can't. And I don't understand why I just can't. It makes me feel so bad...
I don't want to be alone, but I can't change.
I'm scared and tired. I don't need to live for myself, but I don't have anyone else to live for.
At this point I'm just waiting for it to happen on a bad day, because I know it will be enough to make me want to go again.


Has anyone wished they were dead the moment they start to feel something?
I just realized lately that every time I start to feel something I instantly want to die, for my soul to be ripped off of my body slowly.
It usually starts with loneliness then it shifts really quickly to what I mentioned. I just wondered if such things as feeling-crossovers or anything simily happen to other people.


One last time.....
I have a fully loaded shotgun, in my bare hands, ready to use.
In about [REDACTED]minutes, I be dead.
Bloody dead,in the head.
Everyone will be happy because of my death.
Goodbye.


I just want it to be over
And doesn’t everyone else? I’m tired of being everyone’s problem.


I dont know what to do
Im 15 soon 16. and I have no life. I never did have a life. I have no friends (only 2 online and 1 IRL I never leave my house and we never do anything anymore) and I have nothing to do. I dont work too. everyday I just come back home to my bored emotional flatlined ass to watch youtube videos until the next day starts. I dont know what to do cause I never worked I cant have feelings and im literally doing nothing in this world. I dont know whats the point of living if all youre going to do in life is school grow up military and work every other day. not to mention I cant have feelings cause of this stupid anhedonia emotional flatlining shit. whats the point of living if I cant even make anything from it and im only wasting my moms money. seriously idk what to do and I know all of the motivational shit and that are people in FAAAAR worse situations than me trust me I really do but I just cant. im lazy everything is boring I cant have any feelings and I just watch videos everyday to pass the time. why should I even bother to exist


no way out of misery other than suicide
im 24, trapped in a house with shitty people, cant get out because no moneyand no way to get money. never been happy, never been loved, my youth has gone, i will never get to experience anything i want to experience. i have no friends and no family. im convinced nothing will help me out of my misery when my life has already gone past me. im full of hate for everything and everyone. so suicide is my only way out. whats the fucking point in living


I don’t know what to do
More than anything, I want to kill myself. The only thing holding me back is my fiancée because I don’t know if she could handle me being gone. I wish I could just fade away like I never existed to begin with.


Wait and see
Today I had a job interview, the first of my life. It was in group and getting such a job would help me in a lot of ways, including a way to keep going to treatment.
I feel like I fucked it, I feel bad, and that I shouldn't have hopes anymore. Yet I don't want to, so I can only wait.
I made more progress this month than in a previous year, and I feel terrible, killing myself is real tempting.
I want to wait, all I want is to give good news to those I care about, to those who try and help. God help me.


It’s not “if” but “when”
I just turned 29 a few weeks ago and if I told you I could envision living another 29 years, I would be lying to you.
I am just so tired. Of everything. Of breathing. Of navigating life and trying to give it meaning.
I’m one significant setback away from no longer being here. The most imminent threat would be a job loss, although some other major financial hit could do it too.
I’ve lived most of my life waiting for, and working  for, the happier tomorrow. The rosy picture you’re sold by people that gets you to work for something. The idea of having a career you love, of being happy, of having a wife that doesn’t cheat on you at the drop of a hat or fuck around with guys online constantly.
The problem with that happier tomorrow is that it’s always tomorrow. Almost three decades since I’ve been here, it has yet to be today.
Suicide, to me, has been progressively becoming less and less of a big deal. It’s become more of a casual thought. I think that’s because I accept it to be my fate.
I have no desire to grow old and live he rest of my days for a tomorrow that never comes. I want this fucking hamster wheel to stop.


failure
i just don't understand how some ppl were successful in their early days or in their 20s and went in the slumps. for me, i always been a failure. i remember being 3-4 and hated going to k-school. I hated everything about school, i hated learning things, i only wanted to have fun with my friends and have a good time. life went really well in high school, i was 6'2 by 15, good looking and i had a gf when i was 16. life couldn't be any sweeter than this. enter my early adulthood-early 20s. i was a roommate with my friends and i worked at retail. it was ok but i always felt disconnected from everyone else. i honestly tried to ignore my feelings, i always felt like i would never go anywhere with my life because of learning disabilities. because of this, i always had low self esteem. I failed in every subject besides PE, since i was low IQ i always felt stupid and i was just different from everyone else. mid20s-30. this is when i started to drift apart from everyone. as we progressed into our 20s, i realized that my peers were more  focused on careers and having a serious relationships. i was dating a lot but i could just never connect with these women. i moved around a lot, so that didn't help. slowly over time i just lost in contact with everyone else. early 30s- now, the isolation phase, it's just over for me. "it gets better" IT NEVER FUCKING GETS better. anyone who says this got a high paying job somewhere and life turned around for them.  I'm just not good enough to stand out, i will never accomplish anything and my outlook in life is too dark and real. im always so tired and fatigue all the time now, i have nothing to look forward to and i just given up on everything. lm in my 30s and  i still feel like i never grew up, i could never handle any responsibilities. modern society is such a bullshit, there's too many things to learn, so many bs things to do. its just too much. the health problems, loneliness , mental issues, cognitive failure/ learning disabilities. i honestly can say that i hate myself. now that im in my 30s, im not even good looking anymore. looks has faded, body is all soft and weak. there's nothing i can do and i have no desire to do anything. everything i do feels pointless. existing feels pointless because i deeply long for connection. but i can't get that, cause my personality is different. i just can't do this anymore, last few yrs has been really tough on me. the isolation phase really f'ed me up for good. i will always be at the bottom in our society. death is the only way to freedom


Why does thinking of suicide fill me with confidence?
For most of my life I've been bad at everything I tried: socializing, working on a project, pursuing a hobby, even just studying. No matter what I do I either fail miserably or I'm the worst among my peers. The anxiety that I get because of this is only making things worse.
It's not like that when I'm seriosly planning to kill myself. For some reason at those moments I'm calm, collected, determined and efficient. I'd even dare to say that for the past several months I've felt happy at those moments.
Although I still can't manage to kill myself. Even now I'll probably still be alive in the afternoon.
Does anyone else experience this? (Sorry for my bad English. Not my first language and I'm not in the best condition to express myself).


anyone know any good bridges to jump off of in toronto?
i went to the bloor viaduct the other day and the barriers were too annoying to try and get around. alternatively, any rooftops?


I'm alone
Surrounded by people and yet no one cares. I hear empty words that bounce off me. Abuse, a lot of abuse in my family. There's a lot of pain, and I don't know if I can take this anymore. I have easy access to some pills. I've hurt people so much, and I feel guilty that this is gonna hurt about 4. But I can't do this anymore. It hurts to breath. So many thoughts but I'm thinking nothing. I just want it all to go away. I want someone to care. I want to feel ok. I just want the pain to end.


Sometimes I think today is the day I do it
But always I never do it why does my body keep me alive? I don’t want to live anymore why am I still continuing to live after multiple attempts at my life what terrible luck I have


Anyone else thinking about how Kobe And Gianna Bryant has so much to offer the world and now they’re dead while my worthless ass is stuck here
Harm
Damn I feel like I’ve pushed so much damage to myself. Smoking, alcoholism, cutting, burning, eating disorders and jesus it just feels like whatever hurts me I strive for. I think I seem like a relatively normal person. But I’ve attempted suicide at least 5 times. Admittedly most of them were drunk and pathetic but damn. What the fuck is wrong with me that I strive so hard to hurt myself.


Night terrors are terrifying
Every night I have "nightmares". Pretty sure they're terrors. I have dreams of getting forcefully raped again and again.
I have dreams of running my vehicle off of the road. Over and over again. At least 3x a week.
I woke up extremely irritable this morning and feeling super irrational.
Please message me about anything .


Life is funny.
You'll go through life. You'll find happiness and disappointment. You decided some things were better left alone and some things you should have put more effort into. For all the good you could be trying to do, even those who means the most could still only look at the worst parts of you and think you're nothing. No part of life wanted me and i never wanted any other part of it. Im tired of going through everyday. Day and night no matter what I do or try and push myself towards i feel nothing but emptiness. Like a ghost in this world with nothing left to lose. I wont lie I am severely depressed. I can see how worthless my life had to become for others to move forward so easily. They walk away from you only seeing the worst in you when you had only good intentions that turned out the wrong way. I wanted to do more with my life, to be someone who could still have meaning, but it wouldn't be worth it. Nothing could change could it? Im tired. Everyday i imagine the sweet release from the bullshit that is life. From the bullshit people put each other through. What's the point when it really wouldn't make any difference?


Why I should live if no one believes in me, cares about me or even think I need help or some support
Hi, I'm 21 and from the primary school I always thought about disappearing... I used to write fake letters to my mother where I said I had run away or other bullshit like that, in that period, but she never cared (not even pretending). My father never showed some love to me or even said something good... Not even now... He always makes fun of me sometimes even heavily... I always wanted to end my life and every time I'm around I pray that something will happen that will lead me into a coma or kill me. My friends don't even know I exist until I send them a message, the same was for every girlfriend I had, I'm an only child, my relatives don't care about me that much and my parents too. My parents always criticize me and everything i like, I can't reply to them when we are arguing ('cause only them are right), everything I say is ignored, they always say that I never make them proud of me since 6 yo to now. So no one ever believed in me, no one ever cared about me, no one know I exist until I say it... Then obviously I have a really really low self esteem, I'm not a good looking person, I'm overweight and I'm not that tall. The two relationships that I had were long distance ones and one of my ex cheated on me (I met only the latest one and then she left me). For all this reason I self harm and I always think about suicide... Every fucking time... Maybe I only need some support o maybe I really should die


I feel like death is catching up to me. 🥺
Every day I seem to have to talk myself out of it.
Every day, it becomes a little bit more difficult
to do so.
God help me. Please. 😞


I'm just on the fence now
I can't solve my problems. Everytime I try something it's either brutally obvious it's gonna fail or it just fails miserably. I don't know why I try anymore, maybe I subconsciously hate myself or something.
I don't know wether I want to do it or not. One the one hand, with my luck, I'm gonna end up botching the attempt. On the other side I'll just be infinitely suffering. I don't know which one is the right option. Maybe I should just write out my note and move on. I don't have any hope to attach to, and whatever potential hope is just gonna fall through. Any attempt to save myself I can only see as failing too. What do I do anymore.


Talking about it or not?
If you’ve read my other posts, you will know by now that I’ve been thinking suicide through, I got a plan, I know how hard it is to succeed and - while waiting for a good opportunity - I’m pondering my choice every moment of my life I’m not forced in some social situation like working or being with my wife.
Something I can’t make my mind up about though is if I should talk about it with the persons who are close to me or not. I wouldn’t say I have friends, and the relationship with my wife was over long ago, but I have persons I care for, not yet friends but close. A few of them have experienced darkness and seemed understanding when dropping hints about my intentions.
However, I really don’t know if it is the right thing to do. I don’t want to make them indirectly responsible for inaction... or - god forbid - I don’t want them to call the police or something to get me locked up.
But I really feel I need to share how I feel, beyond what a subreddit can offer me (with all respect!)
What’s your experience? Have you talked? Have you kept it for yourselves? Are you still here to tell the story?
Thanks.
b.


Previous attempts have failed, and left me scared to try again. I just want a way to stop feeling like this
Through previous attempts I've ended up hospitalised, in the ICU, embarrassing my whole family.
Another failed attempt would just me humiliating at this point, nobody fails three times if they really want to die.
I wish I could see a way to feel better through therapy, but I can't.  I've been trying for 7 years, with many different doctors and specialists and medications and treatments.  I've tried giving it 110% and putting in solid effort.  It doesn't work. It doesn't improve.
I don't want to die, but I really can't see any other way out of this feeling.


Has anyone ever wanted to kill themselves over something similar ?
I’m 17f and biracial (black/white) and i just feel like everyone hates my black half and I really feel like I have no right to complain bc ik fully black people have it worse but I just don’t want anything to do with anything anymore all I ever fucking read is how everyone hates black people  and don’t tell me to take a break from the internet because that doesn’t fix the problem it just avoids it and pretends everything’s fine and it’s not. Anyways I read how I shouldn’t even travel some places because  you’ll get spit on or people will hold their noses while walking by you, I live in fucking Pennsylvania and people (white & Asian) have avoided walking on the same sidewalk as me as if I’m so fucking repulsive and last year on FOUR different occasions someone driving past me in a car called me a ‘nigger’ loudly &twice were at night and I was fucking scared so now I can’t walk to the store that’s like half a mile from my house by myself.
•my mom let me perm my hair when I was 5 bc she “didn’t know what to do with it” even thought I have a whole ass family who can do hair
•my mom lied to me about my dad saying he never sent child support and that he didn’t attempt see me my entire childhood (my grandparents nicknamed him “worthless”) when in reality she kept kept moving around and changing her number so he couldn’t see me and a year ago (on my request bc he will not shit talk my mom even though he doesn’t like her) he sent me receipts for every child support payment over the last 12 years excluding the time he was deployed.
•my mom also did not discourage me using skin bleaching creams when I was 12 and hid it from my dad
•my maternal grandpa has “jokingly”  always said “back of the bus Rosa” when in the car since before I even knew who she was. But I am very much financially dependent on him so 🤷🏽‍♀️
•my aunt refuses to go into the city at night without my 9 y/o nephew bc he’s biracial
•In sixth grade I had my lock screen set to a random pic of me and my dad when I was a kid because it looked nice and my “friend” asked if that was the last time I ever saw my dad she was being 100% serious too and my mom said it’s not racist bc she didn’t know any better????
And sooooo much other shit I’m so done.
~ I typed this in a rage so no grammar ig.


Insanely close
I have been on the verge for a while.
Today might be the day.
I have been smoking weed everyday for the past 3 years. about 3 weeks ago I quit. My emotions are a mess and sober life is insanely fucking horrid. Constantly I am reminded of how useless i am, and how much I have hurt anyone who has ever gotten close.
Latest instance of this was a girl from work, who wanted to help, but as I am insanely alone I couldn't differentiate between actual romanticism feelings, or just the need to not be alone. I went crazy, as per usual, and it resulted in me threatening suicide multiple times, and basically emotionally blackmailing her. Ofc she doesn't want to talk anymore, and now everytime I'm at work I'm reminded of how fucking pathetic I am. I can't quit, if I quit I have no job and would be essentially doing nothing with my life.
I hate myself for what I did. All I want is to not be alone and have kids one day.
But the feeling of this being a possibility is completely gone. I will be sad and miserable for the rest of my life. So why the fuck even bother.
Today, I'm getting hammered alone. And hopefully at the end, I can make sure that I never feel anything again.
Whatever man no one even cares


I’m about to lose my job, have no prospects
That’s basically it. I know my boss is going to ask me to “have a chat” tomorrow, the only reason he didn’t do it this week yet is cause I’m working from home cause I’m really sick.
I’ve no prospects, my field pays very little, there are no jobs, I’ve been searching forever and no one even bothers to say “thanks, but not thanks”. I’m almost 30, living with my mom, both of us on rent, my country is going through and economic crisis that doesn’t seem to be ending anytime soon. My job is not great either, my boss is a fucking leech who sucks out the life and everything else employees can offer and then fires them if they refuse to be exploited (which is my case, cause I’m already doing 146739275 things that are beyond my scope and above my pay grade).
I’ve nowhere to go, nothing to do, bills to pay, debts to end and will soon be unemployed. I’m tired. I’ve been struggling all my life, I’ve handled family illness, loss, abandonment, debts and everything you can think of from an early age and I’m just so tired.
I think I got pneumonia from the symptoms and I’m considering not going to the hospital and just laying in bed until it kills me cause I can’t... I don’t want to get better. I don’t want to have to struggle anymore. I’m done. I’m too tired.
I look at the future and all I see is more misery. I can’t handle it anymore. I’m so used to things going wrong and so scared of life that I even considered not posting this because I kept thinking about all the horrible things I could hear from you. Anyway.


I am finally hopeful and I don't think it's good... HELP!
I have been feeling down for 3-4 years now, with no signs of anything getting better. I have during the past months entered some sort of apathic state of mind where I feel like nothing matters and so on.
Roughly a month ago, while waiting for the lights to turn at a crosswalk, I had a sudden impulse to step forward, into the oncoming traffic. I didn't act on it and directly after I was slightly shooked (shocked?) and didn't really feel like I knew what just happened.
I have thought about what happened ever since, and have not come up with any specific reason this happened then and there, since I have never experienced anything like it before or after that.
The thing that worries me the most is the fact that I since the "incident" have been feeling a little more calm, or you could even say, hopeful. I'm worried about the implications of this and I'm scared this will happen again and I'll actually do it.
Please help me


i wanna die, what do i do to get better
originally posted this in r/advice as i had no idea about this subreddit
i wanna die, i dont know what to do to get better
i honestly have no opinion on where to put this, but this subreddit seems somewhat appropriate i guess. im at the point in my life where i once again want to die, but i in all honesty dont know what to do. im pretty young(only a teenager) and suicide has been on my mind for many years. ive made plans to do it multiple times but i always get to scared the last second. i dont feel like i can open up to anyone about it, mainly due to the fact that when i did open up this person told me "youre white, you cant have problems". im too scared to ask my parents for therapy and there is someone i really want to open up to but im too scared if theyre going to be like the last person i told or if theyre going to tell someone. i would like to ask for therapy but in all honesty, i dont know if my parents would believe me about me wanting to die and i dont want to cause them even more stress. i honestly dont think ill be able to ask without breaking down or if ill be able to ask at all. i am absolutely terrified of telling my parents.
onto why im asking for advice on what to do. i want to die again, and its just getting worse. i keep having thoughts about killing myself daily now, and i just want it all to end. the thing is, when im thinking straight, i dont want to die. it would make that a few people sad, and i would do anything in the world from making those people sad. i want to live a long and fulfilled life, but i just dont know if ill able to handle life any longer. i dont think ill be able to decide on my own what to do, and i know if i do make a decision i wont follow through on it without someone expecting me to actually follw that decision. so im asking, should i tell this person about my thoughts and/or should i ask for therapy or are there any alternatives?


I can't take anymore
I feel trapped and helpless I was diagnosed with depression and I didn't think I was, but they still put me on meds. Then I started doing worse in school because I felt like it was meaningless and although I am not falling any except math pre cal which I am usually good at. I just took the test today and I needed 67% to pass I don't think I did and I can't do it next semester because they don't offer it and I need it to get into engineering, but now that's all down the drain because of the stupid meds. Now I feel overwhelmed and can't take it anymore I feel like it would be easier if I was dead.


I’ve given up. I don’t know what to do
Nothing worth living for. I’ve officially given up on everything. I want to end it all


I'm done
Everything in my life is a failure and it is a fact. I can't make friends, when I go to school I fail, I am just a useless dumbass, never achieve something in my life neither I will achieve something. I just need to know one way to end my life asap


I failed again
I cut myself. I told myself that I wasn't going to cut anymore starting January 1 of this year. I made it all of 27 days.


I want to die, but I'm not depressed
I've been depressed though. Because I'm religious, but a very sinful person. And everytime I committed a sin, I felt myself getting further and further away from God. Which led me to fall into depression. I used to live with the goal to be an obedient and righteous servant of the Most High, but because of constant failure, I gave up on that goal. Thus I have no reason to be alive anymore. I don't live for anyone, nor anything. People think about hurting their parents or friends when they contemplate suicide, but I don't care about hurting the people around me. I never lived for them after all. I don't hate myself and I don't feel depressed. There's just nothing in life I look forward to. I feel apathetic and numb. And knowing that I'll most likely sin again tomorrow, makes me even less willing to stay alive. Sometimes I wonder why God even keeps me alive. What does he want me to experience here? I'm not interested in this world. Getting a successful job and finding love would all be nice. But if I cannot be pious, I don't feel like staying here. And even if I do end up becoming pious one day, I think I'm broken beyond repair. The sins really have sucked out all life energy from me, or so it feels. My bad if I made anyone feel uncomfortable from reading this post, since it's related to religion and it seems that many people posting here aren't really religious. I just had to get this off my chest.


Just some questions.
I'm feeling really depressed, dumb, empty, and pointless rn.
What is the purpose of human life?
I have nothing to give to this world, and nothing I do quenches my need for meaning. Everyone is running around deluded and satisfied in striving for money and pleasure.
This can't be real.
What is the point. Why must I stick around.
People are the greatest source of pain for me. And they always disappear in one way or another anyway.


Please someone inject me with a lethal dose of heroin
(Or any other painless quick way to die )


I can’t do this anymore I have to find a way to end it all. My brother just attempted suicide
Ive been suicidal for years but the recent year it’s been really bad again and I’m seeing a therapist but things haven’t gotten better at all. My brother attempted suicide 3 days ago my by driving his car at high speed off the road drunk because he got sentenced to go to jail for 3 years. My family didn’t even bother to tell me and I live about 8hours away by car now I just feel like a selfish person wanting to tripple die because I have to carry my families misery as well. They don’t know how I feel they don’t know about anything going on in my life simply because they never cared. They don’t care until it’s too late. My family hates me and doesn’t respond to me anymore so I don’t see a point in living at all.  this gave me the last hit
But I’m too scared an OD will fail


Please help i need someone to talk to
Instagram: @xsraax
I will be forever grateful, i just need someone right now and i dont think i have anyone else in my life i know to be comfortable speaking about this.


I am tired of living my life
Nobody understands me. Nobody bothers to care what I'm going through. I asked my boyfriend to help me out of this situation but he's too busy with his friends. I don't feel good. I'm sleeping for hours day and night.i don't want to wake up anymore. Is there any way to die excluding hanging from the ceiling or having pills or jumping off the rooftop.


Today's medical advice
It seems a bit dumb to post this here and I can only speak from my personal experience but for me, sleeping solid 8 hours every night extremly helps me to gain control.


Lost
I feel so dead inside.Have headaches,and I'm depressed and anxious.Im tired.Really tired.


Can't be bothered anymore.
I just don't see any point in staying around. I can't think of one single thing to look forward to that would make it all worthwhile.
I'm 31, single, unable to work since 2018 due to chronic health conditions and living with my parents. I have like one friend left, the others abandoned me. My life consists of taking meds, going to doctors appointments, visits to the ER every few months for pain management and basically sitting around watching tv or reading at home. I watch the world go by and other people living their lives, while mine just wastes away.
Nothing changes or gets better. I don't see any point in dating because nobody would want to deal with this and kids are basically out of the question because of this. I cant even imagine having kids and a great life at some point.
I just really dont want to live this life for another 50 years. The pain, the isolation, the disappointment..


I'm better off dead
I am just an useless piece of shit. Everything I try and make effort end up in the worse way possible, I am shit at school, my relationship with my parents are close to none, my mum cheated on my dad and on top of all that I have to make this facade that I am well and don't need a psychiatrist. I just want to end this all and make it better for other people in my life.
If you think that they'll care you are very wrong, maybe my parents will cry just a bit but they'll move on with their lives and forget about me and only remember me on the day of my death. Honestly being remember on the day of my death is too much if I am being honest.
Sorry if I'm not making that much sense but I wanted to get this shit out of my chest.


Just have been in kind of a bad spot lately. Just trying to find reasons why I shouldn’t do it.
I’m not trying to sound like a pessimist but I am struggling to find any reasons to continue on. I have no clue what I want to do in life and will likely just end up grinding away to survive but for what or who? There’s nobody who cares about me so why should I put so much effort into supporting myself when I can just end it.


Can anyone give me a reason to keep going.
I've tried getting help. I'm always terrified. I can't hold down a job or relationships. The world is ending. The leaders are corrupted and hateful. Everyone is divided. We're all getting sick and dying. There's nothing left. I don't know what to do. I have a suicide plan and I don't know when is the best time to act it out. I wanted to do the most good I can on Earth before I go. I don't know when enough is enough. I don't know what I should do. I need to know that everything is going to be fine but it's just not going to be, ever. I don't want to struggle on through it. I have no faith. I want to disappear. I don't want to exist. I want to die. I want to finally be without fear.


I'm ready
idk what to do anymore. I am the head of my household, the only one that cleans, the only one that gives a shit at my job. I'm tired of being the responsible one while everyone else fucks off. my roommates and I have the same shit going on but I'm the only one that seems to care and im tired of it. I wish I didnt have people that care about me or depend on me to pay the bills. like I know that I have so much to live for and I do see big things for myself in the future but I dont wanna get there. I just wanna end this suffering lol. the only reason I havent killed myself already is because of my cats. who would feed them and love them if I'm gone. but it's just not worth the suffering anymore. ik prob nobody is gonna even read this but idk what to do.


I just want to try
I've struggled with self harm since I was around 13 years old and it's been very on an off since then. the last time I cut myself was around 3 months ago, following my boyfriend and I 'taking a break'. now hes actually broken up with me and it's been 2 weeks. we were together for nearly 3 years. we had big plans together and I cant wrap my head around the fact that they aren't happening anymore. he wants me to 'move on and be happy, he says. but he keeps messaging me and calling me periodically. last night he talked to me on a fake account for hours, called and for an hour but says he doesnt love me anymore and isn't willing to try again. it confusing and makes me cry. I cant move on and be happy if I think theres still hope. and I dont want to be happy, not without him. what's the point? I have no motivation to live anymore. I think about suicide every single day. whenever I cross a road I think about running in front of a car. I know if I had pills available to me I would take them all. but I'm still too uncertain to organise it myself. but if the resources were available to me, i know i would attempt it. I dont know what to do anymore


my mom died and i can’t live without her
I have intense feelings of guilt and lost of hope. My mom passed away at 42, suddenly and unexpected....she called me earlier that day. i told her i couldn’t talk because i was at work, but she told me to call her back. i did call her back, but the next day....and she was already gone by then. she died that same night. what if i called her back? what if i came to her after work? i didn’t do anything friday. i could’ve slept over. i could’ve been with her so she wouldn’t have had to die alone and suffered...i’m such a terrible daughter. i could’ve saved my mama...i can’t stand living here in this world without her. i took her for granted and i’m so ashamed of what a terrible person i am. i just want
to hug and kiss her. i want to be with her and nothing more. life seems so pointless now....how it can just be taken from you and life continues. the world doesn’t stop. i want to die and just be with her. i can’t pretend to be okay with this. i’m trying so hard. at first it was easy...it didn’t feel real it felt like she was alive and just not picking up her phone. but everyday keeps getting harder and harder. i’m finally realizing she’s actually gone. and i can’t help but feel like i could’ve prevented this...i want to fucking end it. i know my mom always told me she lived through me...she struggled her whole life - never got to do anything she always wanted to do. she had so many future plans....and i know i should carry her legacy but fuck it’s just too fucking hard. i’m drowning.


I dont know how to get help
Ive been struggling really hard recently. Im missing half the school days becaude i dont want to get up, and when i am at school all i can think about it how much better it would be if I was asleep or dead, or how much the people around wouldnt care if I wasnt there anymore. I tried last on dec 17 and it didnt work my parents never found out, i took the day after off and on the 19th  i went to school.
Doing anything productive makes me feel like dying. Its like my head is constantly just telling me to put myself out of my misery. I dont want to be here anymore, and at this point i dont know if I mean the town, the school, the state or even the world. I want to be somewhere else, but I dont want to die. Its starting to feel like the last place i can turn to. Its so exhausting hiding it and doing the things that are constantly making me feel like i should be dead.
I dont know how to get help. I'm not close with my parents. They dont understand how serious my issues are, when I was first diagnosed with anxiety i was sent to one therapy session, and then when the next one was scheduled, they never took me. Last march i mentioned my anxiety again and my dads response to help was "just talk to people" so i dont see them as an option. When I was around 8 or 9 my older sister tried to kill herself, and thats when they took her to therapy, not after she asked and asked.
Last week my school faced the reality of an old classmate comitting suicide, there wasnt much talk about it, a few Snapchat stories, no assembly or offers to help any students who may have been greiving, or even any help to prevent other students from trying. I didnt know this kid, but it was an eye opener seeing the path i was setting up for myself. The scary thing is that it didnt push me farther, it made me want to hurry up the process and get it over with, like the lack of offers to change was just a clear path to escape. Like even if I got caught, i wouldnt be talked to about it.
I'm so scared of confrontation, i hate serious situations, i dont know how to get out. I dont want to be here anymore and i don't know what to do except jump the gun and swallow the pills.
Sometimes im okay. Sometimes, like now, its really hard to resist. Other times ive got 3 pill bottles in front of me and the only thing stopping me is procrastination. Im okay for tonight, im going to sleep, the only thing ive taken is melotonin so I can sleep, but its just getting harder and harder to keep myself alive. Please help me find some way out of this.
Sorry for the long read. Again, im okay for tonight, but i cant say how well ill be any time in the future.


Ostracized for my looks and the urge has never been stronger.
So I (26 f) have PCOS, a hormonal disorder that makes a woman’s body produce more testosterone (amongst other things), and it causes facial hair growth, weight gain in the midsection, difficulty losing weight, acne, and other horrible symptoms. On top of that I’m almost 6 feet tall with thick brows and no booty. As the years have gone on, I’ve started to look more like a man although I’m always on top of my facial hair with laser hair removal appointments.
I have to say that I’ve never thought that I looked like a man or even ugly until about 8 years ago when I heard about a rumor about me in high school that I was a man.  Needless to say, this hurt my feelings and really surprised me. Fast forward to 2 years ago, one day at work, a supervisor of mine referred to me as a strong man. To my face, followed up with a jk. I was shocked to say the least. I just froze up. I felt so small and just wanted to die. How could she dare say this TO MY FACE? I often times have flashbacks to this scene in my life and usually a start to a panic attack.
Putting these two incidents together made me realize that this is probably the reason why I’m not considered to be conventionally attractive although finding a partner has never been difficult but just not as effortless like it is for most women.
Fast forward again to last week, I vacationed to a resort in Mexico for my birthday and realized that I got a lot of stares. At first I thought it was because my outfit was super cute but even when I wore a basic T-shirt and shorts I’d get stares while just enjoying breakfast. It made me very uncomfortable and I honestly wanted to spend my whole vacation in the room bc I couldn’t just feel like everyone else.
Then, when we were at the airport to go back home, one of the agents who inquired about our trip asked if my boyfriend and I were brothers. This seriously pissed me off. Why tf do people feel so bold to say things like that to my face. I honestly couldn’t care less if you snickered in private about me but again, to my face? My bf didn’t get defensive or upset, he just kind of laughed and said no man are you crazy? 😅Clearly not taking as much offense as I did. I brought this up to him when we were back home and told him how I felt and he just reassured me that I don’t look like a man but that was pretty much it.
Since that happened I tried anything that would make me more feminine presenting. Wearing my hair in cute styles, wearing makeup more (even though it’s a pain in the ass to do everyday),smiling more, adding a little switch in my step when I walk. Anything to be seen as a woman but I still seem to be getting stares because people must think I’m trans m->f.
I feel  shameful and don’t want to leave the house at this point even though I have a big trip to Asia planned this spring.  The stares are going to be a lot worse then since I’m already a giant for a woman in American standards.
Because of said events I’ve started using more drugs to escape my daily depression/anxiety but it’s honestly just made it worse bc not only am I freak show to people but also a druggie. Great.
I’ve never thought so seriously about suicide until now.
Really needed to vent bc I’m way too embarrassed/scared  to let anyone in my life know about this. They would just feel sorry for me and worry about me to death.  And I’m just too poor for therapy. Sorry if this is too much of a pity party. Just really needed to get this out.


Lost my job because I couldn’t go due to frequent anxiety attacks. Anyone relate?
Thinking suicide is my only option. If I can’t make money to pay bills, I’m worthless and homeless. If I go to work and suffer panic attacks day after day, what use is living? I’m constantly uncomfortable.
Has anyone else experienced this? Not being able to work? Getting panic attacks for hours before your shift? Getting filled with relief when you decided not to go, but then filled with guilt because you’re a do-nothing nobody who endangers everyone around you with your lack of productivity?
I’m currently drinking myself sick with my savings money.
If you have ever quit your job, how did it turn out?
If you have ever suffered crippling mental illness that deterred you from working, how did you go about it?
I cope by making art and drinking... but both are just amateur attempts at finding self purpose... most people are stressed out and miserable... why stay?


I'm doing better, but i don't feel the relief.
Forget it.


I’m beyond ready to go, I just don’t know how.
What am I supposed to say here? Help me? I don’t want to be helped. Existing hurts so fucking bad and it doesn’t get better for me. I like reading posts from people who are able to drag themselves up from the depths but I’ve tried for 5 years and I can’t. My bus ticket is purchased and I’m ready to go home. I’m sorry.


I'm doing it tonight.
I doubt anyone will be reading this anytime soon before I go I want to say sorry to my ex  I know this is selfish of me but I'll never be okay mentally and emotionally okay i love you so much and I realized how much of a  terrible boyfriend I know you gave me chance after chance to get my future together but your family is right I'm no good. I never will be the good guy I try to be I'll always be the highschool dropout with nothing in life you were everything I had in life and no that your gone it's not worth living. I'll always love you forever and ever and to infinity and beyond. I'm so sorry


Goodbye Everyone
This is the end for me. I'm sorry. Much love and peace to all. Evie. The girl who will never get to be a girl.


I’ve got terminal cancer and I want to kill myself
I just turned 39 and have been diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer.
I don’t know ‘how long’ I have to live, but I know that this cancer will eventually kill me - I just don’t know when. Before this I barely ever had a cold, and now my life will be ruled my medical care and appointments and blood tests.
I’m due to start chemo next week, but in the meantime my beautiful children are losing their Mum, I’m losing my whole identity and my husband who has been so perfect for me is gaining this shitty wife who is upset and scared all the time.
I don’t want to live this life. I don’t want my family to live with the burden that I now am. I just want to fall asleep and not wake up so everyone can start to heal and move on.


How much Propranolol would I need to take to die by overdose?
Propranolol works in people with anxiety by reducing the heart rate. I only have access to one 50 pill cannister at a time. I also have 28 tablets of 20mg escitalopram, 23 100mg zoloft tablets, 8 75mg effexor tablets and any paracetamol and ibuprofen I can find.


I just really need to talk to someone, I feel like I’m losing it
I hate school so fucking much man. It’s like my whole personality changes once I get there. I try to act happy but I’m not. I started to wear only my hoodie to school back in 6th grade because that’s when I started to get really self conscious about my size (I’m so fucking skinny, I only weigh 90 lb in 8th grade ) but that caused me to get made fun of more because I literally wear the same shit everyday. The few friends I do have I seem to have no connection with. I just feel so lonely man. It’s crazy how things change so fast, I’ve never had a thought about suicide when I was in 6th grade, but now when I get teased it crosses my mind. I don’t really have many options either. I live on the 3rd floor in my apartment and we have a patio so I could technically climb up to the roof and jump, the thing is it wouldn’t be fatal. I have a sharp kitchen knife but my pussy ass probably couldn’t bear with the pain. I’ve been told that I look like a school shooter in a kinda joking kinda serious way (like “hey, you better stop messing with mko or he’s gonna bring a gun to school”)and that just pushes me over the edge (no I’m not gonna shoot up my school). My lisp doesn’t make it any better because I literally feel like I can’t talk to anyone without being laughed at, it pushes me more into isolation than I already am. I really can’t fucking take it anymore though. But I couldn’t do that to my sister, she’s only 3 years old. I can’t let her grow up knowing that her brother killed himself at 13. It would destroy the family that I have left. I don’t know what to do man I don’t know what to do


Do you ever just...
Want to be there for your friends who are feeling suicidal but you can't? I want to be supportive and give advice to my friends who feel suicidal. But I deal with suicidal thoughts almost daily, and don't feel it's in my place to do so when I can't even help myself. It makes me feel like an overall cruddy person for not being around more.


Here am I Again.
Last week, there was a glint of hope. I had everything prepared. The chemicals, the isolated room, the silvertape with rubber to stop the toxic fumes from affecting someone else, but there was a glint of hope. A glint of "Everything will be okay. You won't have to suffer that much". And I see today that it was stupid of me to believe in that. Things are dark because things are dark. Life isn't fair and I should shut up and do it or stop complaining. And yet, here am I again. Complaining about being raped as a child and a teenager, about having a mother that beat the shit out of me until I was too big for her and she was too afraid of me. A mother that once told me that she was "ashamed of spreading her legs to your father and you being born". And an absent father. A father who robbed me of my money and   me into a poor fuck. A father made debts in my name. Fuck. I hate this life. Beauty is like trying to grasp a rainbow. Love is trying to grasp the reflex of the moon in a pond. I tried. I really tried. But I'm tired. I'm tired of it all. I'm tired of being hauled here and there. I don't see an acceptable outcome for my life. Sorry. Sorry for everything. I'm sorry for being born. And I'm sorry for posting this here. I'm sure you have it worse than me. I'm just too tired to keep going in. I'm taking a shitload of diazepam with booze right now. No, it's not a suicide letter. It's not going to kill me. I'll just sleep. My body is preposterously resilient. Farewell. I'll be here, complaining again, like a Marmieladov. Sorry.


I'm always wondering if now is the time to kill myself.
It's like it's never the right time. There's glimmers of hope, I'm in the middle of something, whatever. But there's also swathes of joyless, hopeless grey future and the stress of interpersonal relationships and often I just think it'd be so much better to have everything stop. I can't take this. It's just so hard. Can't be with people and can't be alone. I just can't be.


i can't do anything
too depressed and suicidal. emotional distress, high anxiety. it's only a matter of time before im gone. and everyone will be happy that im gone. im too depressed and annoying, ppl dont like depressed ppl. we're like trash that nobody wants


if u can't talk to anybody or form a genuine relationship
it makes perfect sense to kill yourself. i can't do this much longer, i been isolated my entire life. all i ever wanted was a connection, there's no point of living if u can't connect with 99.99%


People would be so shocked
No one knows the thoughts I struggle with. I'm so good at hiding them. But if my will to live is so weak, I dont deserve to be alive.
The fact that there are people out there with actual problems and are still trying to survive and  keep going and I just want to die?
Something is so very wrong with me. Normal people arent like this. Maybe if someone is having these thoughts they should go and end it. My genes should not be passed onto anyone else. I wouldn't want more life wasted on this kind of mental anguish.


I OD last night and now I don't feel good....
I mixed some of my old antidepressants that I don't take anymore with some mood stabilizers that are also old, 330ml of cocktail and some sedatives and my antidepressant that I take regularly as well. That was about 7 hours ago and I just woke up and feel weird in my stomach, almost nauseasous and if I vomit my family will know I did something stupid and call an ambulance. Hope I can at least wait til I'm off to university to feel sick so they don't find out.... Please don't judge... I have my reasons... 💔


I took 202.5mg of Zopiclone and alcohol tonight. I didn’t intend to wake up the next day. It’s been hours since.
Don’t know what to feel. All I know is my mental issues have been a burden too long. I’m numb right now.


Time is almost up
So... I'm planning to finish it all in about a month. Before I go, I wanted to leave my story somewhere. Hopefully, someone here might be able to help me out although I don't really expect so much.
I am 23M now, and was born in S.Korea from average family. My family including my parents and two brothers is mostly quiet but I know we do care for each other. From very young age, I was interested in science, and aimed to become a scientist. There are high schools specifically aimed to raise talented scientific students in my county and obviously, my goal was to get in there. It was extremely competitive thing and I studied hard. Fortunately, I was good at learning and always got in top 10 in my school. However, things happened and my family had to move to China for few years. In China, I went to Harrow Beijing, British international school, from Y9-Y11. At first, I had hard time fitting in since my English was not good back then, but once I got used to it, I enjoyed many aspects of it. Harrow is where I learned my country's education framework sucks and to stop by from studying from time to time and enjoy the life. I would say Harrow enlightened me whether for good or bad.
After 3 years of freshing experience at Harrow, life thing happened again and my family had to get back to SKorea. Obviously, I was too late to enter science specialized high school and went to just an ordinary high school in my country. Some people might already know, but the education in S.Korea is extremely harsh. Students were obligated to remain in school untill late at night. I'm talking about 9AM - 11PM. It was insane. I again had trouble adapting to this new system but this time it was more complicated. Studying all day at the school was obviously painful both mentally and physically but it was more than that. Harrow taught me critical thinking and things about life and that made me question if all this hard work is really worth it. I think at this point, I was really depressed continuously pondering about the life and death. Still, I could hold on to something. I was really into cosmology at that time, and just thinking about it made me excited. I still had a reason to stay alive. After 1.5yrs, I graduated and finally entered college.
My college was one of the best in my country and it was especially speciallized in science and technology. So I could say I was successful, or at least I achieved my first goal. The college life was refreshing again. I had lots of free time doing whatever I want, lived far from home in dormitary with roommates I came to become close to and joined clubs with shared interest people. I, still, was worried about the studies since it was bascially bunch of elitists from all around my country. To my surprise, I had absoultely no problem understanding lectures and got fairly good grades from all subjects. My first year in the college passed like that untroubled.
From the year after, however, I would say I was not living a healthy life. I had much less chances to meet my friends as we got separate majors (in my college, first graders all share most of the lectures and we choose our major from the next year). They also all had their roommates reserved for their best friends, so I had to live with random roommates. For some reasons, I had trouble making friends from new people I met in new lectures. The same went for my new roommates. We barely talked to each other and lived their own lives. I guess this is the point when I started to feel truly alone and hang on to my old friends. Depression did not really help with my studies also. I felt less motivated and for the first time in my life started to have some difficulties understanding things in lecture. Still, it wasn't worst. I got fair grades somehow. Not so good, but not so bad. Just average results. However, I still had hopes of studying cosmology and that made me keep going somehow.
As some of you might have guessed, it didn't get better the next year. I still couldn't make new friends and my friends decided to focus on studying, and we barely hung out together. My roommate spent most of the time outside, even spending night somewhere else. I got more depressed each day and spent most of my time playing games in my room alone. My motivation almost ran out and I started to miss out lectures. Still at this point, I had some hope left. I continued on. But it was the sixth semester. It was the climax. I had absolutely no contact with my friends for three whole months. Instead I tried to motivate myself in studying and got fairly good grades at mid exam. I would say, I was lonely and depressed but hopeful. Then, for unknown reason it exploded. I lost my emotions. To be more precise, I was crying in the bed everyday before, but at some point, I felt no more loneliness, depression and hope. I suddenly lost all my urges to do anythings. I didn't want to study, didn't want to go out and didn't even want to play. Everything was void. I missed most of the classes, never finished homwork and finally failed my finals. And I didn't care. I would just stay in my room stare at empty space for an hour or so. Every time I do anything, it was so much stress. I just wanted to vanish.
Since then, I'm having break from school for over 2 years now. I feel a bit calm at home fortunately, but I still have no motivation to live. I just let time pass by. For these 2 years, I always wanted to disappear from this world, and half a year ago, I finally began to consider suicide seriously. Now, I AM suicidal. I plan to die at some point in march this year despite the fear of pain and consequences of death. And before you ask, I've been to therapists and Department of Mental Health Medicine for treatments. You know what. The pills I'm still taking do not seem to have any affect. Therapists admitted that they can't seem to help me and introduced new therapists. Current therapist also have difficulties determining my state. I also tried some on my own. I tried to do some exercise, but the physical tiredness just makes me so stressful. Same goes for hobbies. I tried to draw or something but they gave so much stress that my head starts to hurt. For past few months, I worked on my last resort. I tried to get what I really wanted to before if that might help, but financial issues made them to go all in vain. Now, I can't think of anything I can try. Clock's ticking towards my Dday and now I'm preaparing to let everything go.
So... that's my whole story. Unlike may other in this thread, my life was not so troubled. I had no childhood abuse, trauma of something or lost something/someone important. It was just loneliness but I endured it for years, I don't think that was the real reason behind it. I can't even... know what caused this, what is wrong and how I would want to be. I just feel like... I don't fit into this world really that it was eventually to happen at some point. I don't know now. I am just too tired, I want to finish it all. And thinking that I'm gonna die soon makes me both worried and relieved. Sorry and thanks for reading my long post. It is somewhat my last attempt before I let everything go, so I'm open for talk although I doubt it would make any differences. Well, I failed but I hope anyone here who needs help gets better. Farewell.


Why have I been dragged into this life which I fucking hate... All I want to do is die :(
I'm so fucking sick of this piece of shit world, my life is terrible and will remain terrible forever, all because I'm a closeted trans person my chances in life have been cut over half. 95% of people won't date a trans person so that's me completely fucked in life, I'm going to be alone forever, but then again who the hell would love me.. I can't have my own child, I'll never get to experience what it was like to have a female childhood, be a female teenager or anything but instead had constant depression, self harmed since 11 aswell as suicidal ideation with attempting suicide multiple times at this point. Since 15 I've started taking drugs basically every week or two to attempt to try make me "happy" for a few hours yet other people around me don't even need to try to be happy and are so fucking ungrateful for how easy life is for them. Yesterday I relapsed self harming and pretty sure I'm going for suicide attempt 4 sometime soon. This time I'm hanging myself so I don't fucking fail and won't be stupid like another time where I stabbed myself then my mum found me unconscious. I won't survive, because nobody wants me to survive anyway clearly because nobody gives a shit about me, nobody messages me goodmorning, nobody cares, nobody ever has, nobody ever will.. fuck my existence. I hate it...


I am so scared of dying
I don't want to die. Yet why does this thought of me becoming lifeless and cold never leave my mind? It's terrifying. I am unbearably miserable but I'm trying to support my family and they don't have anyone else but me. I can't stop thinking about killing myself, and it constantly gives me anxiety. Why am I like this


This was a good run!!!
You can say many many many things to convince me not to die but i have decided for quite a while that i will!
i simply just wanted to post it somewhere so that it feels real and as i type this, it really does damn.
Today i'm going to call it quits on life. This was truly a good run!!
i have so many wonderful people in my life i guess but i'm going to leave them behind, so no more pain or unnecessary expenses on me. as much as i'm making this sound so cheery and nice i actually quite literally feel like shit but i wanted to atleast have my last moments be good and there is nothing better than being cheery.
so this is to me and to everyone else suffering, i hope it does go better for you than it did for me. but i'm laying myself to rest!
when the clock strikes 11pm i'll be gone.
that is all!! thank you for reading i suppose 💖


Has anyone ever had to do an health assessment for anxiety and depression in UK. PLEASE HELP, IM PANICKING.
2nd time posting this, trying to get a reply.
Never thought this was the route I'd be taking, all my life I've been hiding behind a fake persona. I'm 22 and on benefits wtf. I've worked for 5 years in dead end jobs where I could work individually, the feelings, the avoiding, eating on my own at break, throwing up at work and before I left my house for work. The days i called in sick but really wasnt at all it was just a break to be by myself and escape reality.
I'm due to see a psychologist or psychiatrist i dont know anything i get confused, agitated, frustrated and angry easy. I hate people the way my head perceives everything I guess. On my down days all I do is plan my own death and to get through those times I promise myself that I will do it. It's weird I cant control my thoughts when I'm like that I'm scared I'm going real mental.
But yh it's not my idea to go benefits it was my goal not too but I'm not strong due to recent events. My backbone was destroyed I'm fed up of having to explain myself I've had to see I dont even know how many different doctors I never had the courage to look at them around 6 never the same one, my mother having to explain my situation each time which fucks with my head having to hear two people decide and talk about me like I'm not there.
It's my parents decision, I understand I'm a burden to them not paying my way, which adds to my pain shits just get harder, scarier and lonely. So they can have all of my money I get I really dont care about money I hate money but its shit, because that's what makes the world go round. Please HELP.


Told my friend about being suicidal, she said it'd be selfish.
I told my friend I wanted to kill myself but she said If I did it'd be selfish and that she would kill herself if I killed myself and I don't know how to respond to her.


13 yr old wanting to die
I really need someone to talk to rn i’m in a dark place and school is stressing me out please be kind to me


Fuck this kind of shitty,entropic and chaos driven reality
Life is shit. You work for spare change, develope health problems while working on top of the ones you already have. Living is mental torture, everything is so pointless in the grand scheme of things.
I don't want to continue this ride. I have the right to die and I am denied that at least let me buy a gun so I can do it myself. I am not asking anyone else to pull the trigger, but nooo... You have to go to the psychologist to tell you that you need to reframe your outlook. Reframe what my chronic pain, that anything I pick up with my left arm without shaking the thing I carry with it like I have Parkinson's disease... To be drugged up with meds that the all-knowing psychiatrists tell you to take. The hell they are, they are playing a lottery with the stuff they give you. They only have a vague idea of how they work or none at all. Side-effects are there, but hey you are alive, we know best, so STFU.
You know how the rest of the medicine works too, they remove the cause of the like in the case of cancer for example and hope the body will heal itself.
And for anyone else suffering from similar things, it's okay, you can be selfish. They are selfish for wanting to keep us here and continue our misery.


I don't hate myself but I do want to die.
I've heard people say they commit suicide because they hate themselves or are unhappy with who they are, the predicament they are in and the life they live. And that if they just go to counseling,  exercise, and better their lives and stop hating themselves they won't feel as bad. My thing is that I don't hate myself. I do hate being lonely or having to choose to suffer with dealing with my family and their selfishness and toxicity or being alone. The fact that jobs are harder to get more now than ever and I have no skills and no way to even get on my feet so i can move on my own.  I don't have friends that i could room mate with if I was successful and found a job. And if i managed to fibd a decent paying job (13-14/hr) id be working that full time and doing another minimum wage job part tine so i could just afford bare minimum. I wouldn't be able yo do college because i wouldn't have the time id i was working 14 ish hours a day in this scenario.  My parents want to move to indiana and i have been out of school for two years trying to save up. I originally wanted to gk to college but i was told blank point to my face "you're an inconvenience for anyone to have to drive you" so i worked and bought a car. A cheap one but a car nonetheless. Then i wanted to go to college adter i got my car and license but i had little money so i worked some more and started the FASFA applications... and I was told they were wanting to move so i tried working more and looking gir places to stay... then my sister asked for help in Indiana with things.  I quit my job to help her because "Family cones first" right? Well in every case except for mine it does. Family comes first except for when it is referring to me. Anythibg i need i have to get on my own.  My parents ask me for money yhat i dont have. Took money from me when i was in HS trying to save up (wiyhout telling me) when we had to have joint bank accounts because you cant have one on your own untill you are 18... i tried to do things on my own and get a start on life but everything and everyone kept knocking me down. I thought maybe it was my fault but you know i haven't done anything wrong. Not that i can see anyways. Now im still looking for a job after i quit my last one to help my ungrateful sister who treated me like shit just to have my selfish parents tell me i have 3 months yo figure something out because theyre moving to indiana (from texas is where we are at) may 1st... what am I supposed to do / what am I doing wrong? Is it wrong that I want to kill myself? I don't hate myself but I wouldn't mind not existing anymore.
Tl;DR
I have till may to figure  out living situation and I'm not even on my feet yet. Should I just offmyself to save everyone from having to worry (not that they would) and myself from stressing out too much about it.


Acting like a bitch
I really want to seek help but I usually act like a bitch and moan on the internet about my issues only for me to deny them in about half an hour. I open up about the specifics of my issues, but end up blocking any feedback two days in.I want to change that because I really hate how it feels to be a slave of my emotions and the strong swings that come with them.


An extremely big urge
I really want to kill myself. I have those thoughts nearly every few minutes of the past few long months. I feel that my parents have an extremely high amount of pressure put on me by making me try to get an amazing job and pressuring me so hard. Because of this if I get a single failing grade I feel completely worthless because I won’t be able to achieve what my mom slams into my head. My dad is almost not there, comes home at 7 and I barely see him considering a divorce between my parents. So it’s mostly my mom. I love her and all but it’s just really hard and I cant say anything cause she seems insensitive. I almost pierced my arm with a fucking dull pencil out of anger because of how much she causes me to want to commit suicide. I just want it to get better. I don’t see a good future for myself because I see no one else enjoy their lives. What’s the point in growing up working a 9-5 job to come home being bored and tired? That or working a good but demanding job and being even more tired. I don’t know, I just don’t see the point in trying to push myself forward.


Suicide as a memory
Dear all, I’m writing to share and check if the way I feel is odd, or someone else has the same experience.
I’ve been suicidal for a few months now and in the early days my feelings resonated a lot with yours, captured in this subreddit.
More recently though my desire to kill myself feels more like a memory. I wake up in the morning and I “remember” it. I want to kill myself in the same way I remember to walk the dog or put the trash out...
It’s not like the pain and the reasons for killing myself are not there any more. It’s like the decision is so solid that I don’t need to think about it any more, it’s become unconscious, like a reflex, I just need to stop being lazy and work on it.
I’m in a long line before I can get access to a therapist so I have nobody I can discuss this with. What do you reckon?
b.


I cut myself in front of my mom and stepbrother.
I don't know how to even start this post, I've always been shit at starting things... Or finishing them.
To give some background, I had always lived in a turbulent environment between my parents, and later between my stepbrother. I had always been stressed when my family argued, and I eventually got sad every time they fought. Eventually, my mom and dad divorced, and my soul was crushed. My mom was constantly sad, and my dad cried on Christmas Day. I was so fucking damaged by seeing my parents this sad. Eventually my mom and dad remarried to my stepparents. My stepdad and stepbrother would soon lead to many of my issues. For the longest time, my stepbrother fought with me, be it physical or mentally. It had gotten so bad, that I cried when I had to see him. Eventually, my stepbrother started arguing with my my stepdad and mom, which made me feel upset, because it reminded me of my parents arguing. My stepdad hurt me much deeper on the emotional level. He was a big tough guy, and I was nothing but a weak, worthless, nerdy piece of shit. He would often make me and my stepbrother move logs for hours, and judged me every time I took a break. My lack of strength, both physically, and emotionally led to him calling me a baby, pussy, whine-ass, and generally just barading me about my weaknesses for 4 straight years. The worst thing my stepdad told me, however, was on my mom's birthday. I'm bad with remembering dates, so she intentionally didn't tell me that it was her birthday. She ended up upsetting herself, and my stepdad barged in and told me I was being a terrible son. This cut deeper than most of you would think it would, but trust me, that one comment hurt like shit. However, the reason I cut myself extends beyond what I just talked about. I didn't tell my stepmom about my issues, because she hates when I'm emotional. I didn't tell my dad because he is easily angered, and I was worried he'd think I was overreacting. And I didn't tell my 2 friends, because they didn't believe I was depressed. This balled up inside until I broke down in front of my mom and my dad, both on separate days. My dad had surprisingly listened, and my mom said she wouldn't tell my stepdad. I eventually got a therapist, and some meds, but that didn't stop the inevitable. I had no hobbies besides video games, because I had nobody to share my hobbies with. One of my friends is a frequent traveller, and the other has a loaded schedule. So one day, out of boredom, me and my stepbrother; who I now had good relations with, were messing around in my room. I accidentally knocked over a potted plant, broke the huge vase, and spilled dirt on the carpet. I was too overwhelmed with guilt at the time to speak, so my stepbrother tried to be my representative. Unfortunately, he brushed it off as something minor, while I was self-shaming myself for "ruining everything I touch". My mom forgave us, but my stepdad did not. My stepdad decided he would take away the one thing I had; my video games. I couldn't tell if I was laughing or crying hysterically, but I started to slam myself against the wall and hurt myself. I cut out self-depricating phrases on my arm, and cut myself all over with a kitchen knife. Eventually, my mom found out when she saw the cuts on me, and the knife on the counter. I know somebody out there will think I was "overreacting", but my brain didn't recognize that term at the time. And how would you, personally, feel if you lost the only thing that kept you occupied? How would you feel after you lost the closest thing you had to a life? And how would you feel after years of emotional pain?
I'm going to leave it at that, for the 0 of you who read this far. Even 1 person reading this far is putting too much faith. But, for those of you who can experience happiness still, have a good February, I know I won't.


What's the point
Just tired of not being able to sleep. Of being last place for people I give everything to. Being so easily replaced and forgotten. I just give up. Waking up in a couple hours for my first session of therapy but think I will do it tonight. Just can't anymore, all of this. I love my family but I can't do it anymore. Why try when everything I give means nothing, to everyone I love. Why should I stay alive when all the effort I put out is unappreciated. Enough effort just to be alive but I go over the moon everyday for the people I love most and in return, nothing. I don't think love should be conditional. But it'd mean a lot to feel like it matters. That any of it is appreciated. Just can't go on like this. Nothing holding me back now. Just going to try have a good last day on barely any sleep.


Cant get out of bed
I woke up at 9, its now 11, I just cant bring  y self to get up


depression and suicidal tendencies ruining my relationship
maybe not the best place to ask for advice but here goes...
I’ve always been depressed. I’m 26 now and I’ve been dating the same girl for 4 years.
Sometimes I love her, i want to marry her, life together, etc.
Other times I imagine myself being happier with someone else. Maybe someone more attractive or with more things in common (note: my gf already quite attractive and we share interests, not necessarily perfectly my type but nobody is).
But I’ve had this with other things. I’m incapable of Happiness unless I am EXTREMELY distracted, or drunk. or both.
when im not distracted, i think about everything. maybe ill never be happy. maybe ill never be skilled enough in my interests and hobbies to satisfy me.
I play competitive games and always want to be on top but its never good enough. when i am working i want to learn everything i can to be successful but it is  ever enough. when im with my gf and start thinking about the “perfect woman”, she is not it. but i mean, nobody is. my ideal “perfect woman” changes all the fucking time, and im not dating a super model anytime soon and even if i was i still would probably find something to criticize about her.
There is something wrong with the way I think. i think? but idk what to do. I’m always overly critical of EVERYTHING. my appearance is never good enough, my work is never good enough, my foreign language skills are never good enough, my gf is never good enough, my rock climbing skills are never good enough, my home is never good enough, my voice is never good enough.
EVERYTHING is flawed and I hate everything...except for when i am extremely distracted and something has 100% of my attention, or I’m drunk and have to focus 100% of something to even function.
wtf do i do? i love my gf, but i dragging her down. i dont want to curse her with a life of babysitting my emotions, but when she wants to break up with me for being a downer i get even more depressed and beg her to stay because im confident she is the one in that moment.


Time to see if I wil go through with it.
So here it goes.
Everything is going to shit. My parents and I have had a major argument for the first time in 3 months. My grades are falling flat and there's nothing I can do haha. I've alienated the people who I called friends for the last 2 years or so. My sister hates me. I have nothing to lose.
So, after class tomorrow, I'm gonna throw myself off a bridge. Even if the fall doesn't kill me, I'm going to drown.
At this point, in my opinion, its probably the most bloodless method of suicide other than a suicide bag, and I dont want to cause more pain than I already have.
The world has given me so much time, and yet I've done squat with it. Yeah, I may be 15, but I'm tired of trying and trying and trying and failing over and over again.
Hopefully this time, I won't fail.


I hate my life
I had just found a new group of friends that I truly trusted and I thought they liked me but turns out they talk shit about me. Same happened with my last group of friends, someone else from the group manipulated the rest of my friends so that they wouldn't give a shit about because they talked badly about me.
Now I don't know what to do.
I have no friends and it sucks because I had just started to feel a bit better
I'm just going to fucking kill myself because everyone hates me and I fucking hate myself


I can't go on anymore
I don't see the point of living at all, I don't know how to make friends. I'm soo lonely this world feels empty, I was told I can't pursue my future career because I'm too dumb. I wish I could know what being loved feels like or an embrace of a dear friend, I don't know if I can feel empathy it's been lost for such a long time.
I don't know how to cope anymore, or if I did at all. I have one friend who's like a brother, I'll probably never get to see him again.
I NEED someone to talk to.


suicide is the only choice i have left to take my life in my own hands
My breakup is killing me
(Disclaimer: I also posted this in /r/depression_help, but I figured due to suicidal tendencies this is also an appropriate sub. I don't believe that I'm likely to attempt suicide because I'm insanely scared of death but, you never know with me. I'm fucked up and I was super dependent on my girlfriend. So here goes)
Sorry about the melodramatic title, but this really is what it feels like. I'll try to keep this story short, however I could keep on talking for hours and if someone one this sub was willing to have a talk with me by PMs I'd love to because I'm just so incredibly lonely right now.
About a week ago my girlfriend of 2 years broke up with me. It was a stupid breakup and I feel like my behaviour is the reason for why we broke up, even though she too made plenty of mistakes. When I lost her I once again realized how much she meant to me and that I didn't want to lose her at any costs so I tried to get her back. But all I got were mean-spirited messages saying how she doesn't miss me, she's realized we're incompatible and that she's glad I moved out.
Some days ago I created a tinder profile because I thought it'd help me get over her. Guess what, first evening on tinder I saw her profile. And it fucking killed me inside. The next days, she would routinely put some nice clothes on and leave, while I was stuck in the living room watching her leave to some tinder gate, and it killed me. That's when I realized I had to leave.. so while she was at work I packed up all my stuff and left, leaving her one last voice message that I can't take the situation and that I still want her back. That's when I got her mean-spirited message.
I feel like she was all I had. People I talk to are telling me to distract myself with things that are fun to me, but frankly, I don't know what's fun to me anymore. Watching tv shows? Gaming? Playing the guitar? I feel like watching shows and gaming are just occupational therapy to me. I used to love playing the guitar, at least I think so, but nowadays I feel so fucking bad whenever I play that it's hard to call it fun either. Sports? I've gained some weight so I decided I wanted to lose ~10kg. That was a week ago, the same day she broke up with me (in fact, it's kind of the reason why we got into the fight responsible for our breakup). After that, I trained every day, thinking it'd help me lose weight. But in fact, while I lost ~1.5kg within a week, almost half of that was apparently muscle mass. I found out about that yesterday. Now I don't even want to train anymore.
In the last few weeks, I found myself repeatedly contemplating "passive" suicide, as in, it wouldn't be so bad if I drove recklessly and that killed me some day, wouldn't it? Now, I feel like I actually want to die. She had issues, and sometimes those issues really annoyed the hell out of me. But who doesn't have those? I feel stupid for losing her and I feel like I won't ever be able to forgive myself. I was ready to marry this girl, but I lost her, due to my own stupidity. I won't ever find another woman like her again, I know that for certain, and I hate myself for it. I would do anything to get back with her, but she has made it clear that she's not interested in me anymore.
Now I know that she will go on tons of tinder dates, kiss other guys, have sex with other guys, maybe in our shared bed and it's killing me inside. Is it jealousy? Purely hormonal? I hope it is because if this feeling goes on, I think I'm actually going to try something. I'm not in therapy, I know I should be, but my depression is making it hard to actually get a therapist. Not to mention that usually you'll have to wait a few months until there's a vacant spot. Please help me


Any day now
Every night I hang my rope up, slip it around my neck, and pray for the strength to just ease my weight into it. I’ve gotten close and my head just get warm and fuzzy and it seems all in all not a bad way to fade away. Maybe I’ll fade away here but wake up somewhere less hellish, somewhere I can feel something inside of me.


Been out of hospital nearly 3 weeks
I was in hospital for a month after a suicide attempt... At the end of the month I felt a lot better, they put me on a few different meds and antidepressents and I though I was going to be better...
But now I feel as bad as before I tried to kill myself again...  I'm thinking about it again everyday, I don't know what to do..  I was so happy when the meds took all this away I thought it was a miracle... But seems it didn't last :(
I just wrote out a plan for the next few months and I have a firm decision that If I don't feel better after I do everything in my plan... And my ex still ignores me and hates me after I do everything I plan to..
Then I'll end things then..  At least then I can say to myself I gave it everything I could.
My story is truly horrible... I plan to write it in to a book before I end things.


so confused
I have a lot of issues with attachment and relationships (possibly bpd). I can't stop wanting to kill myself. It affects people if I'm honest about my struggles or if I cut myself off. It hurts me so much to be negatively impacting the people I care about and I feel like there's no way out. I'm in so much pain emotionally, and I wish I could die but even that will affect them. The choice is awful but I feel like it could be even worse to continue living the way I am now for many more years. Or I'm too selfish to actually  care about anyone and pretending is the only way I can seem like a good person. I just want to die because I honestly can't handle life anymore. Fuck everything.


“I’m trapped in a vile world, where the endgame is the same as every other; we’re only here to die...”
I’m posting this on my main account because I’ve lost all will to hide how truly unhappy I am from everyone I know. It’s exhausting to wake up every new day and put on a false facade, to act like I’m perfectly fine and that everything is fine.
I’m not fine. I’m not okay. I’m fucking miserable. I am so miserable, I want to claw my eyes out with my bare hands and scream until my throat goes hoarse and gives out. I want to punch a wall until my knuckles are obliterated, perhaps then I would actually feel something.
I don’t feel anything but anger, anxiety, sadness, and exhaustion. Unending anger at the life I’ve been given, what I’ve had to endure, and the way I’ve been treated by people and their mindless games. The anxiety is relentless, I shake inside more than I fucking breathe, a cold shivering that never ends. Sadness for the waste of a life I am, my dreams I’ll never achieve, and the fact that one day everyone I love and cherish will probably have to wake up to the news that I killed myself.
But I just can’t take this anymore. It’s like being at sub zero at the bottom of the ocean; light can’t penetrate the darkness below. Every day is the same, yesterday was the same as today and tomorrow will be the same as today, there’s no end to this fucking cruel, vicious cycle. It’s just beating into my soul, the glass cracks just a bit more every day.
I’m undesirable. I’ve had several hook ups just for validation, just to feel desired in the moment. I don’t want sex or a relationship, I just want to feel like someone actually desires me for me. Someone who would be there for me, someone who actually cares about me and would hold me in their arms. Someone to save me. But if I can’t love myself, who else can love me?
I’m too damaged to ever crawl out of this dark. A broken husk of my former self, but I don’t even know who I was, everything has been twisted and distorted past distinguishing anything. There’s nothing left but empty aspirations and dreams, compassion and kindness for anyone but me; I don’t deserve that much. All I deserve is a bullet to the brain, something to put me out of my misery.
I still ponder why my friends stick around and why my family puts up with me; Who the fuck am I? What have I accomplished? What do I bring to the table? I’m nothing, I’ve come from nothing and I’ll be nothing for the rest of my fucked up life. Why does anyone give a fuck about me, I’m a fucking depressed piece of shit loser whose no one.
It says something when I have to come here to vent, to a bunch of strangers on the internet. Despite how quiet and shy I am, I do have a voice; I have words I want to let out, but no one wants to listen. No one understands just how fucking miserable I am, no matter how much I try to put it into perspective. “You need to get out more, Life has just begun, Things get better, You just need to hold on, You just need to push yourself, You’re too young to be depressed, You need to do this and that, etc.”
I’M UNHAPPY, I’M TIRED OF CRAWLING IN MY SKIN FOR EVERY SECOND OF THE DAY, I’M TIRED OF LIVING LIFE FOR OTHERS AND NOT FOR MYSELF, I’M TIRED OF FUCKING LIVING LIKE THIS, WHY WON’T YOU JUST LISTEN TO ME AND BE THERE FOR ME INSTEAD OF JUST SAYING WHAT YOU THINK WILL HELP ME? WHY WON’T ANYONE SAVE ME OR LET ME SET MYSELF FREE? WHY CAN’T I CRY OR RELEASE ALL OF THIS, WHY DOES IT HAVE TO FESTER AND ROT INSIDE ME? WHY IS MY LIFE LIKE THIS, WHY AM I LIKE THIS, WHY CAN’T I JUST FUCKING BE LIKE EVERYONE ELSE? WHY?
Fuck me.


I’ve been so miserable lately
I just can’t do this shit anymore!!! Literally the only thing stopping me from killing myself is my cat. I feel like shit constantly and I simply don’t want to live anymore. I’m not strong enough to live through and see the day it gets better.


For the last five years, I’ve stayed alive only for my younger brother
I have a lot of problems, that started in high school with a sports injury that is very painful every day. I’m already at my max dosage for pain meds. No treatment plan that hasn’t yet been done - except surgery, but they wouldn’t know what to operate on plus the risk of it becoming worse.
Anyways, after the first attempt I realized that my death might affect my brother more than I thought. We aren’t too close despite living together since birth (our family is more like having roommates - we don’t share our problems with each other or do normal family stuff).
But now, he is doing well in life. Girlfriend, back in college, working out. I think he could handle my absence.
Is this still selfish? Besides to my parents, who I fucking hate and think is okay to manipulate me.


It's starting to feel like my life doesn't matter
And I can hear a train go by. I think about setting my kids near the street and standing on the tracks and waiting for the train to go by. I couldn't leave them anywhere else. No one would find them to help them. No one would be able to identify who I am. Atleast my kids would be safe.


It’s just so exhausting
Im so disgusted about being trans, I can’t take it. It’s just so gross. I’ve been holding on for so long because maybe I’ll find happiness. And I don’t wanna make the people in my life feel awful if I killed myself. I’m just so exhausted with caring and trying so much. The dysphoria is so bad. I can’t take it. Im in the middle of transition and I know this is normal to have a lot of dysphoria right now. I just want to rest. I want to rest. I don’t want to live in constant struggle. The dysphoria never stops, there’s no avoiding the feeling. This is such an insanely difficult thing to live with. It makes me so angry that people can be born the way I was born. It’s so wrong to make someone live a life of this. I just want to finally be free of this horrible feeling. It’s okay that people don’t understand what I have to deal with every second of every day. I get it. I agree and acknowledge that what I am is disgusting as fuck. I wish it could be different. I really do. I’ve done some dumb ass loser shit trying to avoid this. Whenever someone dies of happenstance. God damnit why can’t I just be the one that dies and not the innocent child. Like for fucks sake, all of these innocent people, ready to lead beautiful lives of happiness and human experience and they die just because they were unlucky. Why can’t you just put me there instead. I need peace. I’m in so much strain and I shove it aside and I push through I TRY SO FUCKING MUCH TO STAY STRONG SO I DONT HURT ANYONE I CARE ABOUT. But that’s not fair. It’s not fair that I’m not allowed to die because it will hurt your feelings. WHAT ABOUT HOW I FEEL? YOU SELFISH FUCKS. Many would be very surprised to find out how much of a shit person I really am. I’m so kind and considerate to others. I do what’s right always blah blah blah. I should love the people in my life way more than I do. It feels so unnatural. This life literally feels so insignificant. It must be because of the dysphoria making every good part not good enough to weigh out the terrible. I don’t really know. But my instincts are to try to find whatever is the root cause of my being born this way and make whatever that is hurt like I have. Whether it’s god or something else. Or maybe theres nothing. I don’t know I’m just suffering. I am always pleading that if there’s anything out there I just want a normal life. I just want to be a normal person with a normal body and a normal brain. I’m truly in an absurd amount of discomfort. I can’t put the intensity into words. The emotions it brings out are so much. There’s too much to convey. I plead for help. This is such a cruel world and I have such a cruel existence.


I deserve to die
I mean deserve to get out of this awful stressful world. I feel like it would be an instant solution to my pain and meaning less life. Over the last 6 months i have been happy and have done terrible in school. Jumping is a solution thats hurts no one but makes my life that much easier.
Btw I realize no gives a fuck but still getting this off my chest is nice. to speak and have someone respond even if it is just cookie cutter repossess like dont do it dont jump is better than just thinking about it by myself


i think im immune to alcohol now
had a 6pack in last few hours and i feel a light buzz. still feeling depressed and shitty


I’m finally planning!
I’ve always just hated myself, I am my least favorite thing in this world. Tonight, I’m taking that first step and finally making my plans!
I was thinking about waiting until Summer so that I could see my cousins one last time but I don’t know how much longer I can stall, so maybe I’ll just have to bite the bullet (literally!) really soon. There are guns in my house but I’m not certain I can get to them so I think hanging or drugs are my options. There’s gotta be a forest somewhere near here and rope shouldn’t be too hard get.
I can’t keep going on, and I feel it’s finally time to eliminate the one recurring part of all my problems.


Please, fucking help me.
I have my belt in my hand and I want to asphyxiate myself.


don’t ask me if i’m okay.
it’s always the acquaintances.
out in public places.
“hey, are you okay?”
i know you don’t want me to be honest.
don’t worry, i won’t. i’ll say,
“yeah. i’m fine why?”
you’ll give an explanation.
i’ll force a chuckle and say,
“i have a resting sad face. i’m fine. thank you though.”
i’m bullshitting.
I’ve always bullshitted when i’m asked that.
my entire life.
because i’d rather feel worse than be a burden.


I don't have a plan
Or at least I don't have a serious one. I fantasize about it.
Get my mom to buy me midol for my "period cramps." Wait until everyone is asleep. I'll write a suicide note and leave it on my bed. I think having a hand written note will be more, like, better for coping for my family. I'll leave at like 2 am, go onto this trail near my house. Scale down the hill so hopefully no poor hiker has to find me.
I'll text my friends each some message and then break my phone. Take the midol and wait.
I'd never do it though. My dad would be devastated. And he's not really the person I want to feel that way.
I'm terribly selfish and cruel. I'm defined by my jealousy. There's a phrase I saw from some comic one time that said "make them regret losing you" and honestly that sums up how I want most people to feel about me after I die. It's morbid and mean. Like me I guess.
I wonder about how people will react to my death. Random people. That girl I used to partner with in engineering, the boy I talk to in English sometimes, the lady who gives me rides home. How will they react? Will they care? I don't know.
This is a mess, but I just wanted to vent. My anger and sadness have been coming back and with them the suicidal thoughts. God I hate this.


Make it stop
I’m so fucking miserable. I’ve been struggling for the last 7 years with major depressive disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. I’ve been in and out of therapy and in and out of turbulent relationships. Nobody understands me except my mom and she doesn’t even know the half of it. No matter who I’m around I always feel a pit of emptiness inside that I can’t shake unless I’m drunk or high. I prefer to be high but weed is still illegal in my state and so I have to jump through hoops to get my hands on any. I have people that I care about but I’m just so fucking tired of existing. I just want it to stop


Almost no motivation to live anymore honestly
What the hell is life.
Why do i have to be in this constant pain every fucking day.
I can’t even follow basic hygiene. Brushing my teeth/showering regularly is so hard. I have no idea why. And it’s been this way for fucking years.
My parents know about it. I have been at a full day psychiatry for 6 months. Yet nothing. The only good thing about it is that i met an awesome person. The only one who understands me in some fucking way.
But my parents don’t seem to give a shit.
Everyday, when I try to wake up to go to school, I just fucking can’t. I see no reason to go to fucking school. It’s a pain. I don’t know why.
But obviously, it’s because I’m “not trying hard enough”. It’s because i FUCKING CANT. I CANT FIND A GOOD MOTIVATION TO LIVE ANYMORE. EXCEPT MY BOYFRIEND, WHOS THE ONLY REASON IM STILL HERE, LIVING IN THIS HELL.
honestly i don’t know if it’s my mind telling me my parents are in the wrong or if i’m really just not “strong” enough. But i’m really trying. I just don’t want to go to school while having such thoughts. Every time i see a car, u think to myself: hey, i could jump in front of it lol. And it’s tiring. I’m tired of all this.


I have energy
This is different then my normal low, empty, numb feeling I've had a lot recently. What scares me is that I have energy so now I can actually hurt myself. It's a high, I'm happy I think but I'm still thinking about slitting my wrists. Only thing is, nothing to cut them with.


i just want human connection more than anything else
but i can't connect with anyone. i feel like shit all the time


I just want it to be over.
Just finished college a month ago, have no job, girlfriend of one year broke up right before I graduated last month which feels like the straw that broke the camels back. What really haunts me is when she said she was sorry she couldn’t fix me and didn’t want me to change. But, I feel like what she really meant was that she didn’t believe I could change, and maybe she’s right. I asked her to reconsider, but today she messaged me saying the basically same thing she said when she broke up with me. She was the only light i had in my life and now, theres just darkness. I have been depressed been for a long time now, I don’t have any close friends, hobbies, a job, I sort of just play video games to pass time. I just… I just want it to be over, this break up and today, sapped away what little will to live I had. I’m just over it and want my life to be over. These last few months have been some of the worst I’ve had, I know it’s pathetic to want to die because your heartbroken, but I really don’t things can improve for me and I don’t think I can improve. I have no faith in myself, no confidence, nothing really. Why should I keep dragging myself along life, when I could just be done with it?


There is no point for me anymore
I have to stay alive because I have a 12 year old daughter I don't want to leave behind until.shes an adult.  I need her to grow up and move far away so I can end this.  There is no point anymore. I feel like an animal who got.let ournof a cage and now I have to go back in.  I was so happy and like everything it got taken away from me.  I am so sick of hurting and habign to hide it and be functional.  Most people would not know I had anything wrong with me.  I am ready to die I justhave to wait.  I wish something would happen to me so no one could say I was selfish.  I am hurting more than I can handle


I'm Absolutely Pathetic
Me on Thursday: Literally believing this would be my last day and barely being talked out of suicide by my therapist.
Me Everyday Since Thursday: Hoping I die and never wake up. Being extremely disappointed when I wake up every morning.
Me Today: Obsessively checking the news on the coronavirus and doomsday prepping, scared of my loved ones and I getting sick and possibly dying.
Literally, what is wrong with me? It's just like pain. I only want pain when I'm the one in control of it. I only want death if I'm in control of it. I'm so fucked up in the head, it's not even funny.


i don’t know what to do anymore
ive had a shitty relationship with my family from the jump but I never expected it to get as bad as it is now. i barely speak to my family even though we live in the same house, and my drug/alcohol usage drives them away from me even more so. ive always felt as if I was an outsider or a black sheep within the family and my various untreated mental illnesses exacerbate the thoughts of suicide and my depressive episodes.
i wanna seek therapy, I really do wanna give it an honest try this time around as opposed to the multiple times I’ve went since I was a kid and never spoke what was on my mind out of fear/not taking it serious. i just still feel so afraid for some reason.
its become obvious to me that the trauma inflicted on me by my mother and the abs ends of my father has affected the way i deal with the world and I feel as if I won’t make it through my incoming 20s, my teen years were already so difficult. i don’t know where to go


Everything still sucks
Even though I went to see a counselor everything still sucks everything sucks now really I cant seem to improve the things I like everything still sucks. I still feel like now a days giving up is a better option.


Don’t know what to do
Hi. I doubt anybody will see this but I am going to kill myself tonight. I am a basketball player at a big university and everything is just too much. The pressure the classes. I can’t do it. I’m sorry. I just needed to say something.


15yo boy
almost 16, my gf for a year and a little just broke up with me, we broke up for a few hours twice before, this time i think shes serious, been reading this subreddit and crying for a few hours, me,my mom and me new step dad just moved to france(from roumania(eastern europe)), love her so fucking much but we fight almost all the time, my mom is an egoist af human being, my step father is eh, she cares about her and a little aboit me, no friends, been an outcast for as long i can remember, my natural dad left me at like 2yo, my first syep dad disliked me and cheated on my.mom, and the second step dad is better but not the best, i know a lot of ppl have it worse than me, i have no fucking friends whatsoever, we moved around all the time, my gf kept me actually feeling loved, a few days ago i told her i tougjt about killing myself, she told me to stop with the crap, noone likes me, im just thinking, and so.fucking what if i kms? i wont even know it, and there are some other things that just make me think it wont ever get better, dont know if ill kms or not, but its an idea to be tought of
thanks


I legitimately don't know who I am.
My life has always been a blur. Every day I wake up and barely remember the day before. Two months ago I was waking up with my girlfriend of six months at the time, and I was the happiest guy in the world. Last week I woke up in my new mattress for the first time, and I felt well rested, confident, and happy for the first time in a long time. Since then my mind has been in a rapid decline and I don't know what to do. It started when I realized I had no idea what I was doing day-to-day. I had no idea what was happening as I did it, or why I said what I was saying, or how to process the choices that I was making. Then I realized I had little to no memories of my very recent relationship. I realized I had little to no memories about my life until this moment. I forgot what my mother and father looked like. Legitimately, I could not remember what my parents looked like. I couldn't remember going to class a single time last semester - even though I know I went to at least some. I began to notice that this was not a recent occurrence, but my poor memory has plagued me my entire life. I remember sitting silently with my ex-girlfriend for weeks, and I thought that it was okay. Because at that point I had already forgotten the happiest moments we shared when we first met and didn't know how to get back to those moments. The breakup affected me, but I have already forgotten how it made me feel. Individual days mean nothing to me. Sitting down to write all of this out makes me realize that my parents see the troubles inside me better than I have. Me and my father hung out for the first time since I moved back into the same city that he lives in. We went to a bar where he works. I noticed that the bartender friend of his kind of motioned like, "What's up with your son?" and I saw my dad shrug back. I'm here, I'm trapped and I don't know what happened to you son.
​
I'm going insane. I'm 21.


Been experiencing suicidal thoughts for the first time recently. Need to talk about it and vent.
Pretty much my whole life up until recently I had not really considered suicide. I valued life a lot more, and the thought of it seemed really scary. I didn't really consider it a viable thing for me to do or an option... until recently. I'm not sure what really triggered it, my life is better than it used to be. I used to live with family I hated and now I don't. You would expect that to make me happier, right? no.
WHY I WANT TO LIVE There has never been much that I've really enjoyed in life. I've never really had any major aspirations or interests. Video games is the thing that I and most people who know me would say is my greatest interest. I've enjoyed gaming my whole life, and I still do, but I have definitely started to lose interest in gaming. I'm not sure why this is.. maybe something to do with getting older? I'm not sure. It would be such a shame for me to go and not be able to play games anymore. I wouldn't be able to see news about gaming, wouldn't know any of the new consoles or games that are coming out, that would be such a shame.
In all honesty, I would say that my biggest reason for wanting to live right now is that i want to explore sex. I have such a desire to explore sex. I'm 19 years old, and still a virgin. I've never even kissed a girl. Sex is something that I have desired for so long, and being a virgin at 19 while as other people who are younger than me have experienced it makes me so upset and jealous. It would be so upsetting to have to die a virgin while so many other people my are would be alive, having sex regularly. I'm so desperate to lose my virginity and have sex, among exploring so many other things related to sex and exploring my sexuality. Doing all this is a very exciting thing, and I want to live so that i can experience all these things.
WHY I WANT TO DIE Living is so.. intense. There is so much that is expected of you. There is so much that you are expected to do in life. I'm only 19, and right now I don't have many responsibilities when you compare with other, although I feel it's too hard to live on. If I can't handle life, and there are so many others who do so much more than I do, work so much harder than I do, and they can handle it... this makes me feel as though i'm not really meant for life. I'm not cut out for life. I'm not strong enough to handle life.  Life is not meant for me.
With life being so stressful and hard for me right now, and with it only going to get harder as I live on, why continue living? I'm not enjoying life, and ending it would hopefully put me at peace. The anxiety that I experience every day and the sadness that I hide do not make living worth it at all. Every single problem I have, Every single worry that I face, Suicide would end it all. This is something that i never really thought about until recently.
Overall, I feel like the reasons I have for not wanting to live outweigh the reasons for wanting to live. As for possible methods, I've done some research and it's really hard to choose. I wish i had a pill that would just kill me peacefully. I would like to jump from a great height, but I am not sure where to do that.. and if I were to mess that up and live whilst having to deal with the possible injuries... I really can't imagine anything worse. I would be more suicidal as my life would be significantly worse from having to deal with the injuries, and also having to deal with everyone I know knowing what i did. Jumping in front of a train would definitely be the most convenient method, but I don't think I would be doing that. When I am around trains I get the urge, but I have looked up the statistics and the fatality rate is way too low. I'm at a great loss on what to do.
I hide all these feelings from everybody I know, so if I were to go through with this I feel as though it would be a great shock to so many people. It would be nice to have some other people's ideas and insights instead of me just saying all this stuff in my own head all the time. I just feel really lost on what I want to do, and I am so conflicted right now.


I’m just crying because I’m tired of living but I can’t kill myself. I’m just so tired and I’ve been crying for hours and can’t stop.
If there was a way to erase myself from people’s memory and peacefully go, I’d be the first in line. I wish there was. My life is going in circles of hitting rock bottoms and I’m just dead tired of it. I’m sorry for putting it here guys. No one else would get that.


I’m not going to make it
I don’t think I can do this anymore.  For the past few weeks I’ve kept researching about suicide methods and planning a lot of ideas out in my head. I’m very tired.
I’m tired of my life at home. I’m tired of dealing with my dad getting drunk and deciding to hurt me for hours on end, and in his drunken monologues belittle me and tell me I will just be a failure. Sometimes he stays by the closed door and listens to me when I cry. So I don’t even feel safe crying here.
I’m tired of dealing with my mom who threatens to harm and kill me almost every day. The most vivid memory I have is of when she punched me in the eye first thing when I got in the house and I felt it start to throb.
I’m tired of my life at school. I’m stuck in a special classroom where I get work that’s dumbed down for me even though I’m in high school. I just want to be able to have normal work for my age and of a normal amount, not one every day. I’m afraid of what my future will be like if I stay here. My parents insist I stay in this class. My teachers snicker about me and whisper about me behind my back. I heard one of them say that she had the urge to hurt me or something because I started to have a meltdown once. She thought I didn’t hear her.
I’m tired of my life online. I used to have a large group of friends but they’ve all abandoned me and dislike me now. I don’t even trust the few remaining friends I do have. I don’t have many people to talk to very often. No matter what I try to do to impress them I just feel alone.
I hate being alone in my head. When I think about my best friend, for example, I might start thinking about them in a normal way. Then it’ll slowly get worse as I start to think that maybe they don’t actually want to be around me, maybe they’re trying to avoid me, maybe they’re planning to abandon me too. This happens with every little thing I might think about and I’m tired of it. It’s like there’s no way to escape the thoughts.
I feel like, if I go, a weight will be lifted off of everyone’s chests. My mom and dad won’t have to worry about me anymore, the people who used to be my friends will be glad that I’m gone. I feel like I’m a burden who doesn’t really do any good and can just be forgotten about.
I attempted suicide just a few weeks ago and I failed. All I want to do is just go through with it.


Mental heath unit anxiety
TRIGGER WARNING  (OD, Suicide attempt)


Hey guys hope your all doing well (just of a bit background I’m in the U.K)
I took an OD on Friday, I was really depressed and took beta blockers and sedating antidepressants, I didn’t think it was that serious until I woke up in intensive care the next day with tubes and lines everywhere after they managed to stabilise me I self discharged and tried again and it all happened again, I can’t say I regretted doing it as I don’t I have tried before this but , they’re now keeping me in a hospital ward with the threat of section if I leave until they can find a bed at a MHU (psych ward for the American brothers) I am slightly anxious as I haven’t needed to go in since I was a teen, they’re talking about the priory in Chelmsford, I was there years ago in adolescence but this time it will be adults I was just wondering as to what I can expect,
They currently have me on regular Clonazepam to chill me out and to help my PTSD. but I’m still having bad anxiety about going into there, can anyone who has been in a private/nhs adult mental health unit give me an idea of how it’s gonna be please, is it gonna be as bad as I think or hopefully you guys can put my mind to rest 🙏 thanks everyone


the cycle of life
it seems so f'ing stupid. work, have kids, and if ur "normal" u'll abuse ur kids, ur kids will won't talk to u once they leave. u work till retirement and u rot in ur nursing home.
let's try a better way. figure out how to make large amount of money, have kids, raise em right but does it matter? if you know anything about human behavior, it's implanted in their DNA. so, I could raise my kid right but the kid might be a dumbass. so why would I spend so much time raising a dumbass child that I can't connect with? ok, watch him get married, have kids, and than what? rot in a nursing home or hospital because my body is failing from an old age?
I feel like it's impossible to do anything now days. there's no joy for me but sex and connection, that's why im gonna do porn. this is all fucking stupid and meaningless. i dont even give a shit about money, i just dont wanna stress about bills. i just need enough money to not give a fuck but what the hell is the point? why stay alive if ur miserable and unhappy? this game is so fucking stupid, why even play?
i understand why ppl play video games, it's easy for them to win. but with life, u just can;t beat or win this game. humans hate their lives, so they rather spend their living hours in a virtual world. it's all fucked, and fuck all of u. i dislike 99.99%. ppl dont like u, ur all fake ass bitches. go fuck urself


Every time something good is about to happen, it doesn't.
I honestly give up. Every time I feel like my life is in the right direction, it changes it's mind. I don't blame it, but I'm starting to unravel. I've been a try hard die hard my entire life. But these past couple years have been my undoing. For once I wish things would go my way. The only thing keeping me alive is that I love my cats. I'm not sure what to do.


hopeless
hello
I’m just dumping this here because i don’t know where else to put these thoughts. I’m a first year college student studying aerospace engineering because i am tortured by the fact that nobody knows why we exist and i cannot imagine any other way to satisfy myself besides working towards exploring the mysteries of space to maybe uncover some answers, despite being fully aware that i will likely die with more questions than answers. i’m kinda jacked because i work out every day to battle the constant emptiness and loneliness i feel. People think that because i am on track to be “successful” and because i work out enough to look good that i must be happy. They think because i appear to be confident and social, that i must enjoy life. nobody knows that i have had severe depression on and off for the last two years, and that sometimes my will to live just completely goes out the window and it makes everything in life feel impossible. I do not believe in any god or afterlife and i am unfortunately deeply rooted in the belief that life on earth was a fluke and that nothing has any purpose, and that when we die we return to the earth as atoms and our consciousness is forgotten forever. I try and bury these feelings and live a happy life but they always come back when i least expect it and before i know it there’s tears rolling down my face and that familiar emptiness in my chest starts swallowing me whole, and i find myself wishing that i could just stop being conscious forever. seems like an effective shortcut to the end we all inevitably meet anyways. i feel alone in my sentiment and that nobody would understand where i’m coming from, so i never talk about it. i don’t fear death. i believe that ceasing to exist would be a neutral experience, and therefore could not be any worse than life. i am always so tired and the happiness that i project to others is often feigned in desperation, in an attempt to fake it till i make it. i guess i figured i could be happy if i acted happy and did stuff that happy, social people did, but nothing is ever rewarding to me. after so many months of this, and so many times thinking i had escaped it only for it to return and strip all the blooming happiness in my life away, i simply feel ready for the end. i have contemplated suicide hundreds of times in the last two years, and i’m back in a phase where i consider it at least once a day. i’m not posting this for advice. i know i should get therapy if i want to get better, but i don’t really want to be happy- i would sort of rather just cease to exist. i never asked to be born and existence generally seems like a cruel and unforgiving state for the endlessly curious human mind. by realizing that death is a neutral, painless transition into the void where i can be forgotten, i feel like i have overcome the desire to survive and reproduce which all living beings are unfortunately endowed with. nobody else feels this way because we have been programmed over billions of years to optimize our own survival. all i can say is fuck my programming, i’m unplugging from the matrix.


I think about killing myself everyday........
I have been suffering with depression for the past 4 years( I am 18 now) and everytime I think about killing myself there is always something which prevents it from happening. I tried to come clean to my parents about it and they shrug it off like I am using it as an excuse for my low marks and my slow anti-social behaviour. I don't want to come clean because people will think I am an attention seeker which I am the complete opposite of. I need someone who can understand what I am feeling and I need advice about how to survive in this world where I kill myself on a daily basis in my mind in different ways.


Will a doctor sign off on a DNR if they are aware of mental illnesses?
I'm in Ohio if that helps?


How does one create a will without arousing suspicion?
I want to be able to kill myself but I am away from my own country and I have some money saved up in bank account and some money in my 401(K). If I try to make a will people are going to be suspicious. I am not even sure what I want to do with the money so I want to discuss my options with someone. I also don't want the body to be sent to my country as it is a waste of resources. Has anyone else here thought about this?


Have you ever felt lonely in a group of people or your friends? If yes then tell me how to deal with it!
I don't want to go home because then I will have to sleep and wake up and do this all over again...
Hit?
TRIGGER WARNING (just in case) Sorry
So I've been hit with a ruler once I think and I was hit until it broke. I only recall this once but is this okay? I've heard many of my friends say that they've been hit too (as it's sort of asain culture). I remeber I was in trouble because I lied to my mother due to being afraid of being caught and hit again.
Is this okay?
I feel like I did something to deserve it in a way
Anyways when she was yelling at me I only heard a ringing noise and my vision started to turn black. I wasn't really able to see her but I heard her clearly. I remember that I didn't say anything cause I was too scared admit it to her and getting into more trouble.
Right now I haven't been spanked (or hit) but I just remember it vividly and I don't have the guys to tell my mother about it. I remember my mother saying how "liars go to hell", "why'd you lie about your grades? I would have found out anyways", "why do I take you to tutor when you'll just get B's?", "look at me" and "why are you crying?"
Anyways I feel guilty... I recently heard she had rheumatism (I think) right after I was born. I'm the only child right now and I just feel like I have to get good grades so I can do something... I guess
Anyways is this okay? Are all families like this? I'm sure it's normal
Right?
I've been feeling guilty and worthless all around
Sorry for posting here... um I'm just lost in a way I guess


I drink too much
I drink more than I know is healthy (I am not an alcoholic, but I am at medium risk for alcohol abuse), and I am often scared I will kill myself when I'm drunk.
Alcohol lowers inhibitions and my suicidal tendencies are definitely on the passive, rather than active, end of the spectrum. I get scared when I'm buzzed or drunk that I will accidentally or even on purpose kill myself when, at the end of the day, I don't actually want to kill myself so much as I want to die. I feel the most inclined to self-harm when I'm alone and have had some drinks. (I drink alone pretty much every night.)
Maybe this is all more related than I can realize...? I don't know. I don't know anything.


I'm fucking ready
I'm so ready to fucking die. I've been ready since I was like 8 and going thru stupid pointless adult shit just completely assured me that I would rather be dead then work on a stupid dead end job. Always trying to please someone all this stupid bullshit to accomplish nothing and due in the end anyways why does it matter if I die right now or if I wait?


Fuck it,why not try again?
I don't matter
Never have never will
Don't know why I even stayed this long


I feel off
I just feel very off and feel like I should be dead, I’ve been suicidal lately but for some reason I feel like I am dead. I feel completely empty and idk it’s hard to explain but I’m sad now so :/


Just ordered a .25 pellet gun. To kill me.
More than enough to kill me with a well-placed shot. Friend died same way.
The sad thing is that I'm giddy about it. Can't wait till it arrives, 5 days. No real aftermath also. One last gift for myself.


I fucked up a friendship of 12 years, and am seriously contemplating jumping off a bridge somewhere
recently I have discovered a manipulative side of me. I dont realize when I'm doing it and then afterwards when the damage is already done is when I get that "oh shit," sinking feeling in my heart. I hate myself for it. The people around me would be better off if i wasn't here.
This friend I mentioned in particular always gave me a listening ear. It was to the point where every conversation was my personal therapy session even though she couldn't handle my shit, but I didn't realize that because she never told me to "shut the fuck up, I cant handle you right now" or whatever.
Now for the shit topping on the shit cake. I have ocd and when she didn't text me for a couple weeks ( because she was done with my shit ) I went absolutely nuts, and came up with the worst conclusions. ( ie, "she hates me," "what if shes dead?" Etc ) I even went as far as to contacting her fucking parents like a crazy ex.
Somehow, she agreed to talk to me so I can explain. Whatever trust and kindness she has left for me is going into this explanation and I cant fuck it up. I'm afraid of being a manipulative prick while apologising or saying something stupid or going to the extreme. I'm afraid she won't contact me at all or decide to never talk to me again. Now I'm waiting anxiously for her to contact me, whenever that will be. Months? Weeks? 20 fucking 30? She deserves much, much better than a piece of shit like me.


Suicide note question
Im at a rought patch in my life rn, while i dont have any plans on killing myself i fear that one day when i get into my horrible mindsets that i will break and end my own life. I want people to know why i did what i did and to know my story but i fear that someone will see this note (aka my mom) and try and help. Where might i be able to place a note in the case that i one day break without time to write my note.


If nobody cares I need to go
Sick of all the tragedy and disappointment
Enough of that without choice will push you far beyond


From what age do kids remember people?
Right now I am feeling that my 10 months old baby is the only thing that keeps me alive. I am walking the line...
From what age would she have a memory of me?
Not sure if I want her to remember me at all. If that would be good or bad for her.